You know that what I do is write for kids, and in fact, I'm probably the car for kids, more read in the United States.
And I always tell people that I don't want to look like a science.
I can see it as a graphic -- or with corruption for the way, and no one has got a gravity.
I'm here today to talk to you about cartoons and experts.
And you know that an effort is going to be something that happens to you.
You just have to go back to the field to see it as a experience.
That's the picture of a carbon.
A friend of mine did that -- Richard Berk.
It's the kind of complicated carbon of which I'm going to talk about.
My code started in the 1980s in the middle school, in Steven, where I was the room of the class.
When they were going to get up every week in the base of the kids, until a teacher came up with life.
She came up with my life when I was going to go back to the bank of the professionals.
I did it in secret ...
For three years, for three years.
And I had to go from the city.
I had a play, and 15 dollars -- and I ended up in San Francisco -- California -- I found a love -- and in the 1980s, I felt the need to start working in organizations that are going to work in organizations who would end up against GDP against AIDS against AIDS against AIDS against AIDS against AIDS against AIDS against AIDS against AIDS against AIDS against AIDS against
About three or four years ago, half of the night I got a phone called a phone of that teacher -- the Sentifiel Park he said, "I need to see you.
I'm designed that we have never got to know about.
You could go to August, and please go to that man that I know you've ever found before.
And I have to say that I have cancer cancer, and I would like you to go up with this for fact."
Well, the next day we were in Congress.
We were going to see it, we're going to take us up, and we realized that she needed to be hospital.
We found it a place -- we understand it, and we take it out of their family because it was necessary -- because it was needed to us.
It's something we knew how to do.
And so as the woman I wanted to know as a airplane came to know, it became a box of controls and it was put in my hands.
And what happened was that the carbon had been done -- he had become a carbon -- and that choice that I told you was made in itself.
The experience is that death is part of life.
She came up with my life, and I went out of it.
And you know that that part of life needs everything that the rest of life.
It needs real and beauty and I'm very happy to talk a lot about this.
It also needs -- I need difference, love and plant, and it's our work to protect those things.
Thank you.
As an artist is very important to me.
And through my work, I'm trying to explain that humans are not sure of nature and everything is interested.
I went for the first time to the American almost 10 years ago, and I saw my first stages.
I was amazing.
My heart head was fast, I was trying to understand what was in front of me.
And you put them back to the water of the water almost 60 meters -- and I couldn't think that it was about a piece of seven about another single single year after year.
The states are born when they get out of the galaxies or they get out of the ice boats.
Each stage has its own individual perspective.
They have a different way to interact with their environment and their experience.
Some of them are going to be able to go back to the end of the end, while others can't make it more and they were getting into a democratic piece of dark passion art.
It's easy to think, when you look at a show, which are severe self-assembly and soldiers, in big measure as we see us sometimes as humans, as humans.
But the reality is the whole thing.
As you get a step, I'm going to be able to be able to look at their anti-particular atmosphere.
And as you get up a piece of record water.
I was able to photograph these states as if you try to be able to be my artists, knowing that in these unique moments there are in that way and not going to be going to exist that way again.
It's not the death when they deal with it. It's not a end, but a control of his way for the quality of life.
So part of the ice ice that photograph is very young -- it has a couple of thousands of years old.
And another part of the ice has more than 100 years.
The last few pictures I would like to show you are a show that photograph in Kenya, George.
This is a little bit of a little bit to get to be able to be able to be able to make a strange stage.
Here it is.
You can see on the left a little battery.
It's about five feet.
And I would like you to pay attention to the form of the show and their leadership line and his limitation.
You can see here, it starts to work, the boat has moved down the other side and the man is there.
This is a Standard State stage.
It comes out of the water about 150 feet or 40 feet.
This video is in real time.
And so, the show shows a different side of their perspective.
Thank you.
I want you to imagine two parts in 1998, the same day, exactly in the same time, every one building a baby -- OK.
So two parts every one with a baby with a baby one.
I don't want you to get too much in the details of the concept because if you start thinking about the concept in it, you're not going to pay attention to me.
We think about that for a moment.
And in this stage I want you to imagine that, in a case, the control and the hope is going to the bank of the blog.
And in the other case, the X-ray band of the hope is going to the bank of the blood.
They are going to be able to think of life.
We're going to talk about them.
In my blood activity I was going to get two robots.
In one of my rooms, I work with the story.
I am a story and what I study in this case is the way people open the analogy -- to say, of human bodies and animals -- how they have thought about the corruption and the idea of the body, the idea of the body.
The other role that I wish in my work is the artist, as a piece of patients or as I say sometimes improvement of people who are medical patients.
In this case, I've worked with people who are physical for the social norms.
I've been working on, for example, with the limitations of the signals, two people inside one body.
I've worked with people with entrepreneurs, people much more than the middle of it.
And I've worked with a lot of people with a lot of people with anti-stars -- individuals whose physical photography is not going on in the mass statistics and common factors.
In general lines we can call it interesting.
And it was a lot of ways.
I'm going to give you some examples in ways to have a sex that doesn't take it in the social form of mass or future.
For example, there is the case of the individual in the basis of the 1950s who are going to go out of the control and it tells the protests, that we all have in the happy life, which are going to be terrible.
And then, in the happy life, the teams produce terrorists.
But because this individual has been able to come out of it, the body doesn't recognize the same.
It is the subject of the institutions to the ants.
And so there are high levels of terrorists, but without reaction there.
And as a consequence, the body is developed by getting a completely fundamental thing.
When I did, the baby has kind of a girl as well.
It's a girl -- it's created as a child.
And often it is not but until the particular, when it is growing and develop the seasons, but it doesn't have the mental person, when someone is going to realize that something is going on.
And then you have to make them realize that instead of having some of you in the fact that instead of having various and transport, it actually has a team and a control and a control and a control and a control and a control and a control and a control and a control and a control and a control and a control and a control and a control and
The important thing to understand is that you can think it's about a man, but it's actually not like this.
The women, like men, we have in the body something called the surface cells.
They're in the top of the body.
And the surface governments produce anti-stars, the hormone of the microscope.
Most women like me -- I know a typical woman -- I don't know their critical structure -- I think being a typical woman who are the majority of women like me are sensitive to the ants.
We produce anti-stars and respond to the ants.
As I think, someone like me has the most successful brain to the ants that the woman who was born with teachers that has the sense of the intervention to the ants.
So the sex is something complicated -- it's not that interactions are in the middle of the species -- in a way, can be everywhere.
Another example ago, a few years ago, I got a call of a 11-year-old guy who was born and created as you go to you, and he had subjective, and I had sexual relationships with it, I had a life like a girl and I was just trying to find out that I had a little bit of and straight.
I had a strange form of a disease of a disease known as a supporting surface surface.
And I had the United States and in the top of the surface that were so active that they were so active that they were created by a magic environment.
As a result, their genes were marine, their brain was spread to the modern computer computer.
I was born with a child -- no one surprised anything.
And it was at the age of 11 years when I started to have medical problems.
Well, another quick example of a research case of an interaction.
Some people with the United States.
We don't know why it happens.
So there are a lot of sex.
The reason why kids with these kinds of bodies -- and they are standard, or interviews -- or interactions, they are going to normal surgery is not to be able to be able to get a better physical health.
And in many cases, people are perfectly healthy in a lot of it.
The reason why you get a lot of cars is that they're a threat for our social materials.
The system is based on the idea that a particular analogy is going to be able to be a particular perspective.
We have the idea that it will be a woman is to have a fundamental identity to be able to be able to say to have an African analogy in terms of history.
A terrible idea.
And when you put up a body that shows something quite different, we have problems with the care.
So we have very robotic ideas in our culture about the industry.
Our born is based on a whole concept of a very modern industry.
Imagine how amazing it is to have children who are born like two people inside one body.
The most long case is last year with the South Africa to South South Steven, and he was put up in the top of his sex in the International Langlases of Berlin.
A lot of people called to ask them, "What are they going to do to figure out if you spend San or women is man or woman.
And I had to explain them to the resources that there is not a stage.
In fact, we now know that sex is so complicated that we have to admit that nature is not going to be a collecting line between men.
So what we have is a situation where the more we have the science -- we have to admit that these cars that we thought were straight activist care that are going directly with strange intervention careers, are much more difficult than we think.
And not just in terms of sex.
It's also in terms of race -- something that it turns out much more complicated than the technology allows it.
And as we see, we are going to take us in a state theory.
Let's see, for example, the fact that we share at least 75 percent of DNA with children.
What do we want to do in the fact that we are going to make them in just a few nuclear neurons?
And as we put in the science we're going to take us more and more in a international area in which we have to recognize that the simple cars that we are probably too simple.
And we're looking at this in all of our human life.
One of them, for example, in our current culture in the United States, in the United States today, are the fight to the beginning and the end of life.
It's hard to look at a moment from which a body will be human and it has different rights to the photos.
There are a lot of very, very statement today -- maybe not in public -- but I know inside the medicine -- and I know when someone would be able to death.
Our ancestors had never got to go to this question of if someone was dead.
And as a lot of them put up a plan from the north and if they were still not going to get it up.
If I stop moving it out.
But today, for example, there will be a living organs of a body and put them into another body.
And as a result, we need to be able to be able to be able to make the death of someone -- and this tells us in a difficult situation where we don't have the simple care cards.
And maybe you think that this exploration of care could save someone like me.
And in political I'm profitable, I am going to get the people with the individual bodies -- but I have to admit that I'm going to give you nervous.
It will be a lot more interventions of what we thought about.
You take it from the point of view of the democracy.
And in order to tell you about this first one, I have to admit that I am a freedom of the Forest Parkinsons.
I know they were really, I know they were sexually, but they were big.
I mean, they were so values and authorities and so farmer in what they did -- I found me every so much looking at the music controlled "States and not by the music, which is completely possible.
This is why it happened in 1877 with the Forest Pates.
The Forest parents were for me, the first artists of the analogy and I would explain why.
What they did was that they had been an artificial concept and they were going to be done with another thing that was radical and beautiful, and it was managed for 200 years.
And as you all remember -- what you were going to remember our Forest parents was the idea of the control. The manufacturer was based on a very simple concept of the analogy.
The old ones of the old world didn't know the DNA -- but they had the idea of the right.
They had the blue control of blue ball.
They were the idea of the idea that you could be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to go out of the ball to the father and then the son, etc.
The Force parents took that idea and they turned it up for a new individual concept and that concept was that all men are creating the same.
They evolved the game field and they decided that the analogy that matters was the analogy in common and not the activity -- that was a very radical thing.
And in part they were doing it because they were doing part of a static system where they were getting two things.
And it was taking democracy and at the same time I was born science.
And it's very clear -- if we look at the story of the Father Parkings, that many were very interested in science and the idea of a natural world.
They were getting out of the subjective express and where they were able to get the concept of the support power of transformation to go out of an idea that is going on from an idea that is going out of the right idea of normal.
They were moving up to a natural concept of it.
And if you look, for example, the December of Indian, talk about nature and the God.
They don't talk about God and the nature of God.
They talk about the power of nature to say who we are.
And at the way, they were taking us the idea of the anti-profit control.
And when you do that, they were sitting the bases of the future movement of City Robots.
They didn't think about that way, but they did it for us and it was great.
And what was years later.
And the women.
Then I came up with the success of the Montana River Conservation with people from the West South Treating, who said, "I'm not a woman.
We found men in the movies of the Colors of College Rivers saying, "I'm a man.
Again, people of color that goes up to the animal care about the anti-profit difference and again, they were trying to get up.
We see the same thing with the Deanage Money.
The problem is, of course, that as we look at the consequences we have to start to ask why we have certain distances.
But attention -- I want to keep a number of things in our culture.
For example, I don't want to give you a fish the same rights that to a human.
I don't want to say that we had to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to do the analogy.
I don't want to say that the five years of five years had been allowed to have sexual relationships or head.
There are a few animals that for me to have sense and that I think we should hold up.
But the challenge is to try to figure out what they are, why they would keep them and if they have sense.
Well, let's go back to those two things in the beginning of this talk.
We have two be, both of us who have been able to measure the same day.
We imagine that one of them, Mars, I was born three months before time -- one of the 1950s of 1950.
Hello, by the way, I was born in terms -- I was born by one of the 19th of 1950.
And by the only fact of having been born three months before Mars will take all the rights all three months before the right -- the right -- the right to the security -- the right to the boat, the right to ball.
Hello has to wait for all of that not because it has a different age, but because I was born later.
We found other rainforests in relationship to their right.
Hello, in view of being considered a man -- if I haven't told you if it is 12, in view of being a man now is possible to be able to be able to be able to worry about it.
March, for your part, it doesn't have the same rights to the market that Hends in all the states -- for example.
He can happen in all of the states with a woman, but Mars can happen with a woman only in some state.
And so you still have an active causes that in several species are problems and software.
And now the question is, what do we do now that science goes up in the field of the analogy that we get to the point of having to support that a democracy based on the analogy could be able to stop?
I don't want to go to science, but at the same time sometimes I feel like science will get us.
Where do we go.
It looks like what happens in our culture is a kind of profile action, "Well, we have to bring the line at some hand, so we're going to do it.
But a lot of people have been able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to go.
So for example, Texas at a certain time has decided that to get a man with a man you don't have to have control and that to get a woman with a woman you have to have control and a woman.
Now, in the practice they don't make the construction to people.
But this is also very strange because of the story that I told you to the beginning of the increase to the antibiotics.
If you look at one of the fundamental parents of modern democracy -- Dr. Mars Leonardo King, in his saying, "I have to get a solution.
It says that we should be able to play people not in the color of their skin -- but in the content of their career: going beyond the analogy.
And I mean, "Yes, the idea seems very good.
But in the process, how do you do?
How do you play people on the course of their career?
I want to be able to be a sure that I'm not sure we had to be used in this to make them right to the people, because I have to admit that I know from some of them who are probably going to make more social services than some humans I know.
I also want to say that maybe some of them that I know you can take more decisions that can be able to take more interactive decisions -- smart and males about their sexual relationships that people who know about.
So how do you put the issue of the control of control control?
It turns out very hard.
And a part of me is question what happens if you get a person in the future to be in the future to be in the future, maybe with a magic resource.
Do we really want to really get to that point.
I'm not sure where we go.
And what I know is that it seems to be very important that the United States is going to keep this kind of thought of thinking about the issue of democracy.
We have done a good job in terms of democracy and I think we will make a good job in the future.
We don't live -- for example, in a context as a man who is a man who feels taken through other men is surprised to be additionally, unless it is willing to stay to a sex change in which case are allowed to live in.
We're not in that situation.
I'm going to tell you that we don't have a context like a car that I talked about a couple of years ago that I had made a couple of years that I had been able to give them to the limitation of them and so on.
But when the phone asked him the motor of the support -- it was a very red device -- I turned out that in that other country these children would be very excited and why I had to do it.
And what I said, "Well, has it considered the political area rather than the support self-experiment?
The United States has huge possibility to people to be who they are not going to change for the well of the state.
So I think we have to be on the head.
Well, to end up to tell you that I've been talking a lot about the parents.
And I want to think about how the democracy would be, or as it could have been given to be a lot of the mothers.
And I mean, I want to say something a little bit about a family, and that is that I think there may be different ideas of different statistics of different simulations in particular if there are people thinking about group.
Since years ago, since I've been interested in the interaction, I've also been interested to get the sexual difference.
And one of the things that has interested me are the differences between men and women in the way to think about the way to think about the world.
And what we know about the traditional studies is that women -- in average -- but in average -- they tend to put more attention to complex social relationships and to talk about those who are fly into the group.
And if we think about that, we have an interesting situation in our hands.
Two years ago, when I was in the painting, one of my apples that I knew I was interested in the memory -- I was going to be able to be interested to me -- I was doing a strange planet?
Let me tell you what the framework looks like.
And I thought, "It's the most expensive question I've heard of.
The memory has to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to get the general stars, so there's nothing else in the face?
But the more I think about his question, more of me have been like there is something future in the family.
I mean, there might be something -- in average, something different between the fundamental brain and the music that makes us more attention to complex social relationships and willing to help the most vulnerable things.
So if the parents were very willing to find the way to protect people by the state of the state -- it's possible to have become more mothers to this concept -- maybe we would have seen the concept of the process with the resource of responsibility.
And maybe that's what we have to do in the future when we take the democracy beyond the analogy, thinking less in the individual body, in terms of the identity -- and think more in the relationships of relationships and to think more in the relationships of relationships and to think more in the relationships of relationships and to think more in the direction.
So as we try to create a more perfect control, we think about what we do with each other.
Thank you.
In the year 2007, I decided that we had to figure out how we think about economic development.
Our new goal should be that when every family is thinking about where you want to live and work -- it has the possibility to choose between at least a world of different cities that are being able to go into new resistance.
Well, at this moment we are far from that goal.
There are thousands of people in developing countries that don't have a single city to get them.
But the amazing thing about cities is that it's going to be a lot more than their cost of construction together.
So we could easily put it into the world, maybe hundreds of new cities.
Well, this can be able to sound if you've never thought about new cities.
But you just remember it by adults of applications.
Imagine that half that they want to live in applications were already all the way that it was all the other half you still have to do it.
They could try to increase the ability to make advantages in all the foreign buildings all the way.
But you know that the problem that will face is that those buildings and the areas that are going to take them out of the roles and the distributions of the construction and the construction of the building.
So it would be very hard to do all of those advantages.
But you could go to a completely new place to build a completely new building building and when the rules of that place.
So I put the governments to create new areas of religious enough enough to continue cities and gave them a name -- cities under state.
More after I understand that more or less at the same time, John and China were thinking about the challenge of representing Hollywood.
And they knew that every year about 75 hours would come out of their country to go to the United States, and they wanted to ask what they could do to make sure that those people could go and make those same things in Hollywood.
In the summer of 2009, I went through a straight crisis crisis.
And in the next few seconds, I think Latin Mars was killed with a place in which it is in which you can be able to respond and at the same time.
And he asked me to Carle that was his own galaxy.
As so much as I was looking at a talk to give a talk at TED.
On the after a personality process -- and I tried and a huge amount of evidence with users, trying to reduce this computer concept of cities to their most essential ideas.
The first point was the importance of the norms, like those robots that tell you that you can't go and put all of the statement of adults of applications.
We put a lot of attention to new technology, but you need a lot of technologies as a news to protect -- and they are essentially the normal ones that are going to be able to be able to go in.
In the case of 2010, a friend of Germany was sent to Mary a standard with the TED.
I showed you Japan.
They call me.
They said, "We say this to the leaders of our country.
So in fact, we went back in Michael, in a room of a horizon.
I tried to explain this point about how valuable the cities are, much more valuable than their modern cost than their modern cost is.
And I use this image that shows the value of the land in a place like New York City.
But it was a pretty sophisticated discussion and at some time, when there was a pattern -- Alizab said, "Parami, maybe we could see the video of the TED Talk."
And the talk described in very simple terms that a city under this is a place where it starts with the statement stations, a state that the rules that are going to get up there and a choice so that people can choose if you want to go or not to live under those norms.
So the President of Hollywood called me, and he told me that we had to do this project, this is important -- this could be the way for our country.
I asked me to go to Tomos and talk about four and five percent of it.
So I tried another talk full of data, which is including an image like this, which was trying to explain that to get a lot of value to a city, this has to be very big.
This is a picture of Denmark and the white line is the new article that was built in Denmark.
It's just a little bit more than 100 miles away.
So I was trying to convince the tools that to build a new city -- you have to start with a site that half of a man in the least 100 miles away.
That's more than 100 diseases.
All the world.
The role of the public were very serious and streams.
The leader of the context came up to the platform and said, "Professor Read, thank you very much for his talk, but maybe we could see the video of the TED talk.
I have this in my computer.
So I sat and showed me the TED.
And this explain what a new city, that a new city can make new choices for people.
There would be a city of a city that you could go to be in Hollywood, instead of hundreds of millions of miles to North America.
And it also will even even even even even include the leaders for leaders.
Because the leaders of the government government would need a help of countries -- they could benefit from the countries that are going to help them, and to make the rules of the state, so that they could all be able to trust that the state is not supposed to be able to trust us that the state is actually supposed to be surprised.
We went and we saw a site.
This picture is there.
It could be able to make a thousand miles away.
And a little bit later, 19 percent of them, they came in the Congo to understand their Congress and to add a creative device that allowed to create these special regions of development.
In a country that I was just going to go through this particular crisis, the video in the Congo at the face of this construction was 18 to one.
All of the particles, all of the factors in society.
In order to get in the Congo, you have to take two times in the Congo.
The age of the freedom is again again in another video, 18 to one.
Imagine after the visualization, in the age of 24 to 24, a device of about 30 hours was to the two places in the world that are more interested in the building of cities.
One of them is Congo from the South one.
This is a picture of a new center of the city that is building in the south of the South -- it's bigger than the center of Bench.
Everything you see there was built in four years, after they spent four years to get the periods.
The other country in the building of cities is Santa.
In fact, they have been built two cities in China and they are prepared for a third one.
And if you think about this, this is the point where we are.
They have a site, and they're already thinking about a site for the second city.
They are looking at a legal system that allows them to be able to come in, and at the time they would allow it to continue under a strange surface system.
A country has already been able to allow her to.
There are artificial and buildings of cities that are very interested in the project.
You can even get a little bit.
But the only thing we know you already have is that they have a good number of tasks.
There are a lot of companies that would want to focus on the America, especially in a place with an area of free commercial, and there are a lot of people who would like to go to live there.
In the world there are 100 million people who say they would like to change another place.
There is a million a year that comes from America Lany to go to the United States.
A lot of them are parents that have to leave their family to go to get a job -- sometimes are supposed to make the money for the money to just eat or buy rock.
Now, sometimes there are even children who are trying to get up with their parents who have not seen in some cases, in a decade in a decade in a decade in a decade in a decade in a decade in a decade in a decade in a decade in a decade in a decade in a decade in a decade in a decade in a decade in a decade
So what does it seem to think about the building of a new city in Hollywood."
Or to build a two of these, or a control of these around the world?
So what does it seem to think about to figure out that families can choose between several cities that are building to bring new responsibility?
This is an idea that is going to be designed.
And my favorite friends asked me to tell me that he said, "You know?
I'm Jesse, and this is my value.
But before I show you what you have is, I'm going to make a public conference -- and it is that I live obsessed with the transportations.
I love to find -- I would go back, and most recently, to photograph and put it into my baby transformation transportation, colleagues and different for every one.
But I didn't buy anything new.
All of my floor is a second hand of markets and the second hand.
Oh, thank you.
The second hand will allow me to reduce the impact of my surgery in the environment and in my biology.
And I got to know very interesting people -- because of my money go to a good cause -- my aspect is only -- and buy it to become my own personal person of teachers.
I mean, what am I going to find today?
It will be my street?
I'd like the color?
cost less than 20 dollars.
If all of the answer are positive -- then I feel that I have gone on.
It goes back to the issue of my value, I want to tell you what I was doing for this exciting week at TED.
I mean, what do you get someone who has all that roof?
So I'm going to show you exactly what it works.
I have been taken seven parts of the bottom and nothing else.
It was an interest for exactly a week is all I've put in my value.
I would imagine that it would be able to find everything so I want to use after getting here to Palestine Street.
And because they don't know like the woman who walked for TED, in the bottom --  that means I found some things.
And I'd like to show you right now for this week.
It doesn't sound interesting.
As I do that, I'm also going to tell you some of the lives of life that, and I don't have learned in this ability to not use new role.
Let's start with the magazine.
And this is called a brilliant boat.
You don't have to spend a lot of money to see good.
You almost can be able to see for less than 50 dollars.
All of the street, including the cardiology, and that's the most expensive thing I've used in the week.
Loss, the color is energy.
It's almost very much impossible to be a bad man, when you're looking at a real red player.
If you're happy -- you're going to bring other happy people.
Marker: The innovation is surprising.
I've spent a long time in life trying to be myself.
You just know yourself.
If you go out of the record people, you don't just understand you, you will also get you.
Michet: Google of the child who takes inside of it.
Sometimes people tell me that it seems to play the discovery, or I remember to your little seven years.
I like to be able to be able to tell you and tell you, thank you.
Johnson: The trust is the key one.
If you think you look well with something, it's almost sure you are.
And if you think you don't see good with something, it's probably true.
My mother taught me this day after day.
But it wasn't until the age of 30 years that I really understand his meaning of it.
And I'm going to explain it in a few seconds.
If you think you're a beautiful person in your inside and outside -- there is no fear that you can't go down.
So there's no exam for no one of this audience.
We must be able to do everything we want to do.
Thank you.
You know, a real universe six words for you?
And finally, standing up with a single person, and it's only a great way to tell the world something about you without having to say a word to say a word.
I've brought it over and over and over again when people get up this week just because of what I was using -- and we had a fantastic conversation.
And obviously all this is not going to go into my little vision.
So before I went home, to Brown, I'm going to give you everything.
Because the lesson I'm trying to learn this week is that you have to leave certain things.
I don't need to leave these things, because on the back of the scheme, there will always be another crazy way, and I would always have a bit of limitation and brilliant and brilliant speed, if there is a little love in my heart and look at it.
Thank you very much.
Thank you.
This is a responsibility of your brain that we can design in two parts of you.
The left side, which is the light part -- and the right side, which is the international part of it.
So if we use a scale to measure the support of every day, we could design a planet of our brain.
For example, this would be someone who is completely light.
This would be someone who is completely interesting.
So where do you get your brain in this scale?
Some of them would get out of one of these extraordinary, but I think for most of the interventions of this audience -- their brain is something like this, with a great act in both hairs at the same time.
It is not that they are completely excited.
You can be light and interaction.
I think about one of those people, which is just like most of the other physical physical physical physical physical physical physical physics -- we need a lot of limitation to build these ideas.
But at the same time, we need a lot of interact to make the experiments really work.
How do we develop this institute? Well, we like to play with things.
We are able to play with them and then we see how to do it, and then we develop our understanding from that point.
And actually, you do the same thing.
You can see that they may have developed with the past of the years is the one that says that one thing can be just in a place at the time.
I mean, it can be able to be able to think that one thing is in two different places at the same time, but you were not born with this notion -- they developed it.
I remember to look at a child playing in a ball of station.
It was a small child, and I didn't do it very well, it always goes on.
But let me play with that piece of station to teach you a lot of lesson -- and is that the big things are not allow them to allow them, and they stay in a place.
This is a great control model that can be able to have the world, except that you are a piece of particles.
It would be a terrible model for a physical physics -- because they don't play with stream backs, play with these small particles play with these little particles.
And when you play with their particles -- they found that they do all kinds of things that are really proud -- as you can bring walls -- or they can be in two different places at the same time.
And then they wrote all of these problems, and they call it the theory of the quantum medicine.
And at that point you would find a few years ago, you need the quantum mechanical to describe those little particles to describe those little parts.
But they didn't need to describe the big objects that go back every day.
That doesn't be very well to me, and maybe it is because I don't play very often with particles.
Well, sometimes I play with them, but not a lot.
And I've never seen them.
I mean, no one saw a particular.
But it was not going to be right to my light part of me.
Because if everything is made of small particles and all of the little particles follow the beginning of the quantum mechanics -- then it should not keep the beginning of the computer mechanism."
I don't find the reason why it shouldn't be.
And so I would feel much better if I could be able to show that a common object also has the beginning of the quantum medicine.
That's why a few years ago, I was able to do exactly that.
And I did.
This is the first object that you can see it has been in a collective mechanical supercondition.
So what we see here is a little computer.
And you can try to see the green point right in the middle of it.
That's the piece of market that I'm going to talk about in a minute.
This is a picture of the object.
And here I'm going to take a little bit of a little bit in the center of it.
And then here we do a very big thing to the very small rate of metaphor.
So what we see is a little piece of metal metal, with the way that it would be able to support in a platform.
And then I did this almost in the same way you would make a computer.
I went to a clean room with a new room, and I went to work all the great machines for about 100 hours.
For the last material I had to build my own machine.
This device has the ability to be in a quantum surface, but it needs a little bit of help.
Let me make a analogy.
You know what it is to be in a standard full of people.
I mean, when I am in a room, I do all kinds of different things -- but then when other people are going to be able to do those things, because I don't want to get them up, or actually, I want to get it out.
The quantum mechanical says that the amazing objects are compassion in the same way.
The journey of the travel objects are not just people -- it's also the light that the light and the wind that happens to their side and the cause of the room.
And so we knew that if we wanted this piece of market to go up to the quantum medicine, we would have to spread all the other parks.
And that's what we did.
We put the lights -- then we put a strategy and we put it all the air. And then we put it into a temperature of less than a decade on the article of the anti-programmed.
Now, when you're just in the entrepreneur, the little piece of market is free to act as you want.
So we measure their movement.
We found that it's moving in very strange ways.
Instead of getting a little bit of perfectly, I was looking at it, and the way I was looking at it was like a responsibility in this way -- as a surface that goes up and it goes on.
And when you give it a surface we could be able to do it and I don't see it at the same time -- something that only happens with the quantum medicine.
So what I'm telling you is something really fantastic.
What does it mean is that one thing you see and don't look at the same time.
So let's think about them.
In a case, all of the things that we have to show that piece of market are together, and at the same time these same things are moving up to the top and for down.
It is just in decisions when those are all coming up.
In the rest of the time they are determined.
It means that every size is in two different places at the same time, what it means is that the whole piece of market is in two different places.
I think this is great.
All right.
And he was going to be able to focus on a clean room to do this for all those years because you look at this, the difference in the scale between one of a single size and that piece of market is more or less the same thing that the difference between that material and you.
So if one of them can be in two different places at the same time, and that piece of market can be in two different places, why don't you do it?
I mean, it's my crazy part that I talk about.
So imagine if you were in various places at the same time, how would it be that?
How do you act your knowledge if your body was taken in the space of space.
There's another part of the story.
And it is when we get it, and we found the lights and we look inside the box -- we saw that the goal is on a single piece in one piece of it.
And I could get to this new institutions -- especially all of the objects in the room actually are all quantum objects that are just done in a little space.
You heard a lot about a lot of the quantum medicine that everything is interacting.
Well, that's not so true.
It's more than that, it's more profound than that.
It is that those connections -- your connection to all the things that you know, literally define who you are, and that is the deep research of the quantum medicine.
Thank you.
My name is Alice.
And 18 months ago, I was doing another job in Google until I took the idea of doing something relationship with media and art.
It took me 18 months and I took me.
A lot of neurons and stories -- you know, with 17 very interesting movies of nine countries.
But I'm going to focus on the domestic.
There are a lot of stories from why we did.
I believe that my own story is simply excited in this slide and this is the action.
I grew up in India.
A lot of a great education -- I don't get -- but I didn't have access to many of these machines and artists of art.
And so when I started to travel and go to me, I started to learn a lot.
And working in Google -- trying to make the desire to make it more access for technology.
So we put a team -- a great team of people, and we started doing it.
So better than shows you a couple of interesting things that we have taken out from their freedom.
So we just go to George.
Look around all the machines that there is.
It's the Paris particular, the Michael, the Egyptian, the Republicans, the Germany Google.
In fact, I'm going to go back in one of my favorite -- at the middle of the New York City.
There are two ways to do it -- very simple.
We do climate and passenger: we're already inside the machine.
It doesn't matter where they are, Benjamin or Maria, that doesn't really matter.
You move out there and they get out.
Do you want to focus on the movement?
We open the planet on the top of it, and with one of a single climate, we go into it.
They are in the end of the passion, they want to go at the end of the passion.
They are going to go down.
They explain it.
Thank you, but I haven't come to the better.
Now I am in front of one of my favorite pictures, "The Congo Parkinson's Parkinson's Parkinson.
I look at the next one.
If the machine shows us the image -- we do it out there.
Look at this is one of the images.
This is all the mathematician information here.
For those of you who are really interested in the art -- you can make it out there, but I'm going to make a clear here right now.
And this is one of the images that we've made in what we call the standard technology.
So this image -- for example, I think, I think, about 10,000 million dollars.
And there are a lot of people who ask me, "What do you get with 10 million people?
So I'm going to show you what it really looks like.
It can do a lot about a very simple way.
You see things that are happening.
I love this girl -- his experience doesn't have a process.
But if you really want to make a designer.
So I started to play -- and I found something that happens there.
And I said to me, "You know, this looks interesting.
And I found out that children were actually playing something.
It was a little bit, I talked to some people from the Ministry, and I actually discovered that this is a game called "School, which is going to be able to put a year with a screen of California.
And as it was a very popular thing.
I don't know why they did, but I learned something about it.
And now we're going to make me even more in deep and you'll see that you can really get to the grandmothers.
Now just to give you a little bit of perspective. I'm going to take the image -- so you see what there is.
This is where we are, and this is the picture.
The best thing is to come in, a second.
So now we're going to go back to go back to the Mom in New York City.
Here's another one of my favorite night, "The night stage?
The example I showed was to find details.
But what if you want to see the printers?
And if you want to see how God actually created this market market?
And it takes it up and true that I do it.
I'm going to one of my favorite parts in this room, and I'm really going to get to the grandmothers.
This is the star night, I think I had never seen this before.
I'm going to show you one of my favorite work.
There are a lot of things more here, but I don't have time to show you.
This is the really cool part of this is called "China?
All of you, absolutely everyone doesn't matter if it's rich or poor or if you have a man, that day.
You can be able to create their own moment, create their own color from all these images.
It's very simple -- we go on, I have created this function that I call "The power of the bomb: -- we just just made a guy around you.
This is the "The "Lings in the National Gulf of London Land.
You can save things -- send them to their friends and keep a conversation about what they feel when they feel the control of what they feel when they feel that they feel to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to
So I think for me, I think for me, the main thing is that all amazing things really don't come from Google there.
No, in my view, they even come out of the mothers.
Maybe I should not say this.
In fact, they come from those art.
And that has been my own experience with this.
I mean, I hope that in this digital middle does it to the art of art and that it is right right now.
And the big question you do today is, "You did this to reduce the experience of going to a movement?
And the answer is not.
It's to make the experience.
And that's it. Thank you.
Thank you.
Good after all.
I have something to show you.
They think it's a piece of a planet, a village plan.
And in our lab we call it a sense of sense.
I'm going to tell you a little bit about this.
If you look at this picture -- I am in the state -- all the children in America grew up with this picture in the wall of his drug, but the reason why I show you this is that it has happened something very interesting in the last two decades.
A long time ago, if you wanted to win a piece of Francisco one, I took a surface and I put it back to a good piece and a good car and a good car and a good car and a good car and a good car and a good car and a good car and a good car and a good car and a good car and a good
And if the car and the skin was the good enough, you would go up the face of it.
This is what it is to be called the control system in real time.
It's a system that has two companies: a feeling and a device.
The interesting thing is that the control systems in real time are starting to go into our lives.
Our cities, in the last few years, have been covered from networks and electricity together.
They are coming back into the air.
And as you are starting to answer a different way and they can be detected and activated.
It's going to make cities a big thing.
And as an old thing I wanted to tell you that cities are just two percent of the planet of the planet but they represent 50 percent of the global population population.
75 percent of the power of energy -- and until 80 percent of CO2 emissions.
If we could do something with cities, it would be a big thing.
More of the cities, all of these decisions and access are getting in our own commons.
This is from an exploration of Palestine Park for years of year in Mommen, during the ground.
It's called "The "Line "Montanety "Momen -- not "Mom!
Well, our objects, the environment.
In a way, it's as if almost all of the existence is going to become feeling and activists.
And that is changing the interaction that as humans have with the outside environment.
In a sense, it's almost like in the old Sun of Latin English.
You know, when I mention English School -- it says that at the end I took the market and I went back to the Matters -- you can still see a little method under -- and he said, "You know, "I don't talk to you, "What don't you talk about?
Well, today, for the first time, our environment.
And I'm going to show you just a few examples in the idea of changing the environment and do something.
Let's start with democracy.
The first project I wanted to share with you is actually one of the first projects of our lab.
This was four and a half years ago.
It was a surface with the 1990s the 1990s.
It was the year where I traveled the Color of the world.
Maybe some of you remember it, they put English and France, and at the end of the head he gave the head.
And anyway, at the end of the end of it.
Now let's see what happened that day looking at the activity in the network.
Here we see the city.
You see the Color in the middle and the Rosetta Rose.
It's the morning, before the game.
The time of time is on the top of the time.
On the early end there are people over here, and there are called calls -- moving up.
It starts the party -- simple.
Good from France.
Now, people do a quick call and it goes to the ban.
Second time.
So first of the first operating time.
Bill, and in a moment, the head.
Gandhi Alsony, right?
That night were all going to take it into the center of it.
There you see the big piece.
At the next day, they were all at the center of the stage and the first minute of then.
And then all the world.
You see the image of the place called California Mars, where the right time, people are going to close -- it's a big street, you can see the skin at the end of the day.
This is just an example of how today you can measure the city of the city in a way that we didn't have been able to do just a few years ago.
Another quick example of defense, it's not about people, but of things that we use and we do.
Today, we know everything about the process of our objects.
This is a map that shows all the kids that make a Machine, how they would get up.
But we know very little about where things.
And so in this project we developed a few small stars in order to address the ball in their speed for the system.
So we started with a lot of values that help us in Stanford a little bit more than a year ago, to figure out what they were confident, different kinds of things -- as you can see, things that are going to be able to get out of all of them.
Then we put a little chip, a street, and then we started to get it out.
These are the results that are the results here.
Part of Stanford Park.
After a week.
And with this information we realized that there are many institutions in the system.
We can do the same thing with much less energy.
These are data that they don't exist.
They're going on with complicated things and there is a lot of interaction things.
But the other thing that we think is that if we see every day that the water that we recognize doesn't stop it, it's still somewhere in the planet.
What if the plastic line that we get on a day still is still there.
So if we show that to people, then we can put some change of it.
That was the reason for the project.
My colleagues of MIT American Boston, I could tell you a lot more about attention and many other things that we can do with that, but I wanted to go to the second part that we did at the beginning, which is to act on the environment.
And the first project is something we did a couple of years ago.
Everything started with a question of the city of the city that came and told us that space and South Europe have a beautiful traditional use of the use of the water in public space.
And the question was, how can the technology, the new technology.
And one of the ideas that we developed in MIT in a male, it was to imagine that they have a car and villages, and the subjects that are open up and they are going to be able to be able to get up.
It looks like a water of water, with water parks.
If you get the pieces you can write in them, I'll show you patterns to show patterns ...
And when you get up, the box will open so that we can go on, as you see in the picture.
We put this to the Broad Bible.
He liked a lot of it.
And it goes up with a company to design the building of the English.
We call it Palestine Country Park.
All the building is made of water.
There are no dancers or services, but when you go up with you for you to be able to happen.
The table is also covered with water.
And if there is a little bit of wind -- if you want to kill the states, it goes down.
Or you can close the building and all the architecture in this case.
Those days would always have somebody in the invention when you go down the roof, someone who was there and he said, "Well, "Married the building.
No, it's not that you have it, but when you go down the whole architecture of the whole architecture.
This is in work.
You see the people who are going on.
And here I am myself trying to be able to be able to be able to try to test the water.
I think that I should tell you what happened one night when all of the beings stopped to work.
That night was actually more fun.
All the kids of Angeles came to the building because the way of interact had changed a little bit.
It was no longer a building that was open to let me go on, but a building that was going to come out and walk out of the water and you had to save it to not move down.
(Audience: And for us that was very interesting because as a artists, you can always think about the use that people will give us our design.
But then the reality is always impressed.
And that's the beauty of doing things to interact that people use it.
This is a picture of the building with physical pills, the water, and of the water.
And this is what I took to think about the next project I'm going to show you.
Imagine that those pieces could start to fly on.
Imagine that they could have small halls on the air and each one had a little skin that changes the color of color as if it was a supposed to move in space.
This is the video.
Imagine a map, like what we saw before, which is moving with each other.
We could form this cloud.
And a kind of food screen like this with a normal conference in two decades.
Or normal -- but in three decades, where it changes is the light -- not the position of them.
You can play with a different guy.
Imagine that the screen is going on in different scale and sizes, in different kinds of resources.
And then all of that would be able to be able to be a piece of pieces in 3D to which you can come in, and then you can see from very different neighbors.
This is the real control control, going down into the way to form a Vietnam, like before.
When you get the light, you see this. The same thing we saw before.
Imagine each of them control for a person.
So we can have every piece with a stream that comes from people from people, and so on.
I want to show you something for the first time.
We've been working with Robert Bondon -- one of the best banks of today, the stars of the New York New York and the State of Miller, to capture their movement in 3D and use them as a stream for the British.
So here we can see Robert dancing.
On the left you see the pieces, the care in different solutions.
It's so much 3D discovery in real time as a movement.
It can reduce all the movement.
You can take all the way.
And once we have the pieces we can play with them, with the color and the movement and the movement and the relationship.
We want to use this as a possible.
I wanted to show you the last project that we're working on.
It's something for the Latin Latin Latin Latin.
It's called the New Neither.
And the idea is, imagine again, that we could be involved to people to do something and change our environment as much as a control control, like the gravity crisis, but with a college.
Imagine that we could make all of you have a little bit for a piece.
And I think the thing that has happened in the last few years is that, in the last two decades, we spent the physical world to the digital world.
We've designed everything like knowledge -- and it's access through the Internet.
Today, for the first time -- for the first time I showed you, we can go out of the digital world, the power of the networks, the physical world.
In our case, this may be that we wanted to use it to design and make a system.
That means something built in a city.
But morning can be to deal with the challenges of today, think about climate change or Congo emissions. How would you go from the digital world to the physical world.
The idea is that we can make people have been able to do this together.
The surface is a cloud, again, made from the same way that the real power is a particular course.
And those particles are water, while in our surface are pieces.
This is a physical structure in London, but it goes out of pills.
You can move in the inside of it, having different experience.
You can see from the bottom -- to be able to share the main moments of the Law Latin Alice and even more, and it can be used as a way of connection with the community.
So this is so much a physical piece of the sky as something that you can come in, as a new five of London.
You can go up there.
And as if it was a new digital face in the night, but the most important thing is that it will be a new experience for anyone who goes to the end.
Thank you.
You would like to be better than they are.
I guess I would tell you that, with just a few changes in their genes -- they could improve the memory -- for a more effective and more quickly.
Or maybe you would like to be in a better way to be more strong to have more resources.
You would like to be more artificial and sure of themselves.
So what would you live more with good health?
Or maybe they're from those people who always want to be more creative to be more creative to it.
What do you like to like it?
What would you like to, if you could choose something.
(Audience of the Australia," Creation.
How many people would choose creative?
You get your hand. Let me see.
People. I probably had the amount of creative people.
That's very good.
How many would you get the memory?
A few more.
And the physical state.
A little less.
How about the local location?
Oh, most of them makes me feel very well as a doctor here.
If you could have some of this the world would be very different.
Is it just imagine?
Or maybe be possible.
The evolution has been a perfect issue here in the TED conflict but today I want to give you the view of a doctor on the issue.
The great generation of the 20th century, TV.
But if you effective the biological evolution to do this, it's just about the past, or the future.
Do you mean other or us?
This is another look at the tree of life.
The human part of this room, well in an extreme one, it is, of course, the most interesting thing.
We depend from a common ancestor with the modern children about six or eight million years ago.
In the research there has been maybe 20 or 25 different species of humans.
Some of them have gone and come back.
We have been here.
It might seem that we are very far from other parts of this tree of life, but actually, in the most basic market of our cells is more or less the same thing.
You realize that we can take and control the material of a common bacteria to produce the process of human institution that is used to treat the diagrams?
This is not like the human identity but it's the same project, which is completely international, which comes out of the presence.
And talking about bacteria -- you realize that we all get in the most bacteria that the cells we have in the rest of the body.
Maybe 10 times more.
I mean, you think -- when Angeles David will put it out of the care -- think about bacteria?
The interest is an amazing environment for those bacteria together.
It is clear, happy, farm, is very adaptable.
And we're going to protect all the adults that you can want without the effort of their parts.
It really is like a quick thing to the bacteria with the absolute influence of some stream to the room.
But so we are a wonderful environment for those bacteria in the same way that they are essential for our life.
They help us to give us the social neurons, and they protect us from certain disease.
But what does the future.
We are in a kind of evolution as a species.
Or are they going to become something different -- something maybe better adopted to the environment?
In this view of the universe.
That was us.
And it was also the whole part of this talk so I hope that they have dealing with it.
When I came to the universe I had my first kind of biology of biology.
I was fascinated by the electricity and the beauty of biology and the beauty of biology.
And I love from the power of evolution and I realized something fundamentally, in most of the existence of life, in the mobile organisms -- every cell is simply designed and all the genetic energy of that cell is transformed to the two children.
But when it comes to the military organisms -- things start to change.
And it goes into the sexual research.
And something very important -- with the service of the sexual research that happens the genome -- the rest of the body becomes a primary way.
In fact, you could say that the influence of the death of the body is in the same time in the same moment of sexual research.
I have to tell you that when I was a college student I thought I was thinking, well, sexual -- death death -- it looks pretty reason at that time, but with every year I was going on, every time I had more distance.
I got to understand the feelings of George Brown, which still is still in the very good Vergon in their 90 years.
And one night someone goes up to his horrible door.
He open the door down.
And in front of him you find a piece of free flower of rock.
And he looked at it and he says, "I'm going to look for a sex sound."
Is it good, say, "Good God, "I remain the subject?
I realized that as a doctor who was working for a different goal to the goal of evolution -- not necessarily construction.
I was trying to predict the body.
I wanted us to make us health.
I wanted to reduce the health in the disease.
I wanted you to live more and more healthy.
The evolution is going to spend the genome to the next generation of the next generation.
From a point of an evolutionary point -- and I are kind of such as a record record in order to send the genetic card to the next level, and then let me go back to the sea.
I think we all understand the feeling that Francisco Brown was when he said, "I don't want to get the impact through my work.
I want to do it not die?
The evolution doesn't necessarily feed the local.
It doesn't necessarily get the largest or the biggest or the faster or the faster and even even the most smart thing.
The evolution of the entrepreneurs to the better creatures to their environment.
That's the only test of surface and success.
In the bottom of the ocean of the ocean.
So what does this mean? When we look at what's happening in evolution and if we go to think about the place of humans in the evolution and in particular, if you look at the next one, I would say that there are a lot of possibilities -- I would say there are a lot of possible.
The first is that we don't explore it.
We've got a kind of school.
And the relative reason would be that through medicine -- in the first place, we have been able to have a lot of genes that in other ways would have been discovered and choose from the population of the population.
And in second place, as a species -- we've built our environment so that it goes up with us like us as we get to it.
And by the way, we come up, and we send us so much that it's already not possible to have the self-assembly need to have the evolution to happen.
A second possibility is that you produce an evolution of the traditional type of the transportation of the traditional type of nature.
And the argument here would be, that the evidence of the evolution of the space are standing down, but they're impossible.
And in the side of the signal: when we sort of put a different planets are going to exist.
But there is a third possibility -- an artificial possibility and international possibility.
The name of the news -- the new evolution -- which is not just natural but cheap and choose for us as individuals in the decisions that we will do.
Now, how could this happen.
How could we get to do this?
We first know the reality that a lot of people today, in some culture, are taking decisions about their development.
In some culture, they're choose to have more varieties than women.
It's not really good at the society, but it's what it looks like.
You think that if it was able to be able to choose not only the sex of their development, but in their own body to make the genetic adults in order to help or prevent disease.
And if we could do the genetic changes to choose the diagrams or the Arab or reduce the risk of cancer or choose the anthropologist?
They don't want to do those changes in your genes?
If you look at the future that kind of changes will be more and more possible.
The human genetic project started in 1998, and it takes 12 years.
It cost 250 million dollars.
And the next year of having ended up in 2010, I could do the same work for 20 million dollars in three or four months.
Today, you can get a complete sequence of the three million dollars of the human genome to a cost of the 19th -- and in a week.
It's not going to make a lot of so that you make the human genome for 15,000 and it will be more and more at the end of us.
They come those change.
The same technology that has produced the human identity in bacteria can be able to be able to be able to protect us from them, but they are going to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to protect each other against others.
And there is no experience of an experiment in course with the value against the collaborative influence in the cells of a room.
Can you imagine something good for the water?
That's actually today and in the future is going to be more and more possible.
Imagine the only two little changes?
You can change the cells of their bodies but if you could change the cells of their development?
And if you could change the hope and the villages, or to change the flower recently, and to give their children a better opportunity of a more healthy life, you will choose the diagram, to reduce the discovery, reduce the risk of cancer.
Who does not want more sounds?
And then, that same analyze technology, that same way of science that can produce the changes to prevent diseases will also allow us to allow us to be able to be able to allow us to allow us to be able to allow us to allow us to allow us to be able to allow us to allow us to allow us to allow us to allow us to allow
Why don't you have the innovation of a Kenya Jerusalem on all if you could put it up with the next generation of the William Mars?
Why don't you have a more quick model that allows us to get faster and more different?
Why did not live more time.
This is going to be a strange.
And when we are in conditions to put this to the next generation and we can take the artists that we wanted to have become the evolution of before in the economy.
We're going to take a process.
These are choices that their girls, or the numbers of their numbers are going to have to have them.
We're going to use these choices in a better society.
Or are we going to choose very different distributions that we want for some of us but not for each other.
We're going to build a society that will be more and more control or more relationship and more very seriously?
This is the kind of question that we are going to have to get in.
And the most profound thing about everything, we're going to be able to develop the wisdom and to make the wisdom need to take these decisions so much designers?
In order to be a bad one, and before what I could think about, these choices are going to stop us.
Thank you.
Imagine a big explain when you're going to 100 feet of alternative.
Imagine a vision full of human.
Imagine a way to make climate, limited, limitation.
Electricity, limited, limited, closed.
Well, I had a single single single day. I was sitting on the sun.
It was the only one I could talk to the villages of the back.
So I was going to look at them, and they said, "I have no problem.
The picture had already seen the airplane, and we weren't so far away.
You could see Mars.
Two minutes later, three things happened at the same time.
The picture is the airplane with the Human Rover.
That's not the room.
It took the motors.
Imagine to be in an airplane and no radio.
And then he said three words ...
The three more dangerous words that I've heard of.
He said, "I will present for the impact."
I didn't have to talk more with the value of the back.
I could see it in your eyes.
It was transportation. life.
I want to share with you three things that I learned about myself that day.
I learned that everything changes in a institution.
We have this list of things to do before I die before, these things we want to do in life, and I thought about all of the people who wanted to get and I didn't do it, all the experiences I wanted to do, all the experiences I wanted to have and never had.
And as I thought about that, I was going to come up with a prime, which is, "I can see bad view?
Because if the window is ready and the person is there, I'm going to open it.
I don't want to take anything in life.
And that process, that purpose has actually changed my life.
And the second thing I learned that day -- and this is as we were looking at the New World Wall, which was not for a lot -- I thought I think -- I really feel a great particular.
I've lived a good life.
In my humanity and with my brains I've tried to improve in everything I did.
But in my humanity also gave me a place to me.
And then the time that I described in things that don't matter with people who care about.
And I thought about my wife with my wife, with my friends, with people.
And then, as a measure in that, I decided to choose the negative energy of my life.
It's not perfect but it's much better.
In two years, I haven't had a place with my wife with my wife here.
It feels like wonderful.
I don't try to get right. Electronic will be happy.
And the third thing I learned -- and this is like your mental rock is going on, "Man: 17, 17.
You see the water.
I'm saying, please go back?
I don't want this to go up in 20 pieces as you see in those documents.
And as we go on, I had the feeling of it, well, I would die not a fear day.
It's almost as we've been prepared for it all our life.
But it was very sad for it.
I didn't want to go. I love my life.
And that sad would get in a single thought, which is, just want one thing.
I was able to see my children growing up.
A month later, I was in an act of my daughter -- first degree -- not a lot of art anti-profit --  --  -- and so on.
And for me, that was the whole reason to be the world.
And at that point I understood -- when you connect those two points -- that the only thing that matters in my life is to be a great father of it.
On the top of all, the only message I have in life is to be a good father.
And I became a military, I would not die that day.
And I became another record, which was the possibility to look at the future and come back and live in another way.
You are looking at today, the challenge to imagine that the same thing happens to you in your plane -- and please don't be like this, but you can imagine, and how to change it?
What is what they would do, they still hope to do because they think you're going to live for the every?
How do you change their relationship and energy energy in them?
And the most important thing is being the best parents you can do?
Thank you.
I clearly have been based on life with a lot of amazing projects.
But the biggest thing I worked was for this guy.
The guy is called TED.
TED was one of the most important graphs of the 1980s.
One day he came back to his house after I went back and said, "Oh, I feel an ant in the legs."
And that was the beginning of the LED.
So today TED has a very total pay today.
You can only use the eyes.
His work is going on in me.
I have a design of design and anti-stars and so obviously the goal is something that we were going to take and respond in the world of art.
And so we decided that we were going to go back to Taliban, TED, and to his cause to his head.
So I went up with her brother and his father and I said, let's give them this money.
What are you going to do with it?
And his brother said, "I just want to be able to talk to me again.
I just want to communicate with him and he's able to communicate with me.
And I said, "You know, one second is not that -- I see San Harvard, not that all people with paradigms can communicate through those paradoxically?
And he said, "No, unless you be someone important and you have a very good place you can't actually do it.
These devices are not amazing for people.
And I said, "Well, how do they communicate then.
Does anyone see the movie and the marketing and the market?
They communicate in that way -- they're going to take it up with the street.
I said, "That's art. How can it be?
So I thought about the only desire to get a character, and instead of that I did a little bit that I didn't have the best idea of how I was going to come on.
I bought me with his brother and with his father there at that time, and so this is the treatment, Talk is going to talk about, we're going to build a machine -- and we're going to find a way to make your art again.
Because it is relatively that someone who have so much in your inside can't be able to change it.
So I talked about a couple of months later.
I met these guys called GDP "Mandela Robert Lab, who have a technology that allows them to protect a light in any surface and then, with a leader -- they are going to get on that and reduce the negative space.
So they're going to be doing the art industrialisms like this.
All the things that you say, they say, are part of a quote of life.
First of all, you start with sexual organs then with the bad words, then with the banks to Berlin and at the end, people start to make art.
But there was always a quote of life in their own prisons.
And so it started the journey of it.
And about two years later, about a year later, after a lot of organization and so many of us move the things from one side to another side we had made a couple of things.
One, let's take the door of the safe companies and we get a machine to be able to be able to communicate -- a machine like Steve Harvard.
Which was great.
And in the way, it's the most fun. I call it Beaut because when I talk to the guy -- you get an email of it, and you say, "I don't read it. This guy is fantastic."
The other thing we did was to bring seven programs around the world -- all of the levels of the planet.
My wife, the kids and I, we moved into the back of the back and these hands and programs and programs and antibodies took the control of the house.
A lot of our friends thought we did something completely wrong and that when we look at the fields of the wall and in their place there will be a factor.
But for two weeks, we went to the major password of Vietnam, my son was part of my dog as well, and we created this.
It's called English States: National and you can see the discovery of it.
They are a couple of surfaces of sun surfaces that we buy in the major Park of Vietnam Beau, some of the computer and the Hollywood Standard and Robin Steven and Robert Shanghai.
We took a PMS camera -- we open it, we put it on a LED light and now there's a device that is great -- and we put the same -- we put the free code -- the software goes down in a funny way.
And we created a device that doesn't have a limitation in the all.
There is no sure that I say no.
There is no hospital that can say no.
Any person with paradigm today has access to draw and communicate using their eyes.
Thank you.
Thank you very much for you.
So at the end of the two weeks we go back to the TED room.
I love this picture because this is the room of another person and that's his room.
There was all of this block and art during the big infection.
And after more than a year of plastic year, two weeks of programs -- the interventions of the whole night, Toron came back for the first time in seven years.
And this is a wonderful picture because this is the surface system of their life, and it's looking through the surface system of their life.
We took it up to be able to see.
And we put a project on a wall of the surface of the hospital.
And he went back for the first time in front of his family.
And so the thing was that we had to get up in the station so we feel like if we were reading the character as well.
And at the end of this he gave us a electricity and this was what it would say, "This was the first time I gave in seven years.
I felt like I had been under the water and someone finally came back to me and get me out there so that I could respond?
It's not wonderful?
In a way, that is our war of war.
That's what it keeps us in movement -- developing it.
And we have a long way to run with this.
It's a cool device -- but it's the equivalent of a Mars March.
Somebody with this artificial potential has a lot more.
That's why we're trying to figure out how to improve it and make it faster and it.
Since then we've had all kinds of record.
We have a lot of primates.
They remember -- it's great. No one of us is doing money with this.
All of our own police.
The primes were from the guy -- "Oh, this is fantastic."
And he took something about us and then, in the same time, the Latin Law came to us as one of the 50 best invention in 2010, and it was really great.
The best thing about all of this -- and this is what I ended up to close the card -- is that in the open of this year in the Gulf of the Google in the center of the Golden Angeles in the center of the London is going to be called "The "Come in the Caroles."
And art in the Cartes is going to have the best experts of the article artist -- Bang Facebook, Chinese Facebook, all they're going to be there.
TED is going to be in the subject which is quite impossible.
So basically this is my idea, if you see something that is not possible.
No one of what there is in this room was possible -- the computer -- the computer, the mission, the College, nothing was possible.
You do it possible. anything of this room.
I'm not program -- I never did anything with the control record technology -- I just came up with something and I had a wonderful people to be able to make it happen.
And these are the questions I want all of us to do every day when we find something that we know that you have to do. If it's not now, when I'm not me, what?
Thank you.
I've spent the last few years that have been able to be very difficult and at the same time a very dangerous time.
I went to the crisis -- it was hard to do.
I worked in a minimum of cartoon, difficult.
And I put it into the war of war -- difficult and dangerous and difficult.
And I spent 30 days by eating just this, fun to the beginning, something difficult in the middle -- very dangerous at the end.
In fact, in a large part of my career I've been supposed to be surprised in solutions with the only goal of trying to try to take social issues in ways that are actually an international way, and with the way, you will take them into a way that you can see and access to the audience.
So when I knew that I was going to come here to make a TED on the world and the particular wanted to do something a little bit different.
So some of you can have heard of, or no, a couple of weeks ago, a couple of weeks ago.
I sent some message in Facebook -- some of them in Twitter -- I grew up in the rights of the name of the name of the name of the name of the 2010.
What there was was the next thing, "The Singar States: "The TED that you have no idea what it is about and I could be able to explain it in the face -- especially if I put it into the face of you or his company when I put it into the control of you.
But he said this -- it's a very good media opportunity.
You know how many people look at these TEDs?"
A lot.
This is a technology in program, by the way.
So I still know that someone knew that someone was going to buy the rights of the name.
If you have asked me a year ago, I didn't have been able to tell them with a certain.
But in the new film that I'm working on, we looked at the world.
And as I said before I said to me, I have been done in the horrible situation in the last few years, but nothing could be able to present me to me -- I could nothing like that, for something so hard or as hard as to go to the room with these guys with these guys with this.
You see, I had this idea for a film for a film here.
Montana Sander: I want to make a film that comes out of the products of products -- the marketing and the policy, and that all the end is made with the power of products of products and marketing and policy.
The film is going to call the biggest film for self-assembly?
And what happens in "The biggest film in the largest single season is that everything in the bottom of the end of the end of the end -- it has a magnetic images -- all the time.
Now this market, Steve Stanford, the States Stanford.
These people are going to be able to be able to be able to ask a little bit of the personality.
And so the film will explain all this idea. (March Kanny, is record? Is it really?
I am a record person. MK: I just say it -- it was more for you.
It was "Perfect."
But we're not just going to have the particle of the X-ray threat in the title but we're going to make sure that we're going to make all the cases that we could in the end.
Maybe we're going to look at a subject and it becomes the most great statement that you have used to.
The most cool car that you have done in "The biggest film side -- the best thing that you have been about, control of "The largest movie for the biggest planet?
No Bondon Kanny, the idea is then to show the markets as part of life, make them make the film?
The goal of the bottom is transformation.
You're going to see all the process in this film at this way.
That's the whole idea -- all the end of the end of the end.
And I would love that CO2 helped make it happen.
Robert France," you know, it's thank you very much because it's the first time I hear that -- it's the most answer for the audience.
Good, though, I don't know how close to it.
KB: You have a perspective -- I don't know if "I think it's very nervous -- but you know how is going to replicate it, Daniel, Daniel Chinese) How much money do you do this?
MT: A million and a half thousand and a half million -- John Kan: I think it's going to be hard to be difficult with them, but no longer is going to be able to convince a couple of big faces.
KB: Who knows -- maybe for the moment that the film is going to look at us as a lot of strange ideas.
MT: What do you think going to be the answer.
San Arabic: Most of the answer will be not?
MT: But it will be hard to sell it, for the end or to be me?
JH: They both things.
MT:  It means you're not very optimistic.
So I'm going to help me. I need help.
MK: I can help you.
MT: All right. All right.
MK: We have to think about what it is.
MT: Yeah.
MK: We have some places where you go to go.
MT: I thought that "Canory means we have a conversation out of microbes.
It takes the camera that means we don't want to know anything about your movie?
MT: And this was one for one -- all of these companies that they were going on.
No one wanted to have nothing to do with this film here.
I was surprised to me.
They didn't want to know anything with this project.
And I was very excited -- I thought the concept of the policy, was to introduce the product to as many people as it could be able to make so many people see it as possible.
especially in the world of today this interest of new media and old media and the scale of the security media is not the idea to tell with that new vision of attention that will take the message to the maps?
No, that's what I thought about.
But the problem was, you see, that my idea had a dark entrepreneur and that entrepreneur was this.
In fact, there was no surgery.
There was no arm at all.
This would have been good.
But the problem was what this picture.
You see, when you look for images of "Transformation in Google --     -- this is one of the first images that they are.
I like your way to do it, Mr. Brazil. No.
This was the problem -- the transportation -- the seat of similar or self-assembly, and it was absolutely definitely designed or view -- which is changing for the violence or the activity of information, about everything in the process of the business.
You see, we take a lot about the transition in these days.
Our politicians will name -- the pressure of the name -- even the Chinese numbers.
But suddenly when it comes to do something it changes something change.
But why is that? Well, the transformation gives fear --  like that surgery that is still going on.
It is impressive.    Like this red way.
And it is also very argument.
What other thing is it?
I bought a theory of Congo Country.
That is very argument.
When I started talking to the companies and tell them that we wanted to tell this story and said, "No, we want you to tell you a story.
We want you to tell you a story -- but you tell us our story.
You see, when I was a child and my father took me in some mind -- and there he is looking at how I used to do it, he said, "You know, there are three side in every story.
It's your story, it's my story, and it's the real story.
As you see, in this film we wanted to tell the real story.
But with just a company, a consequence wanted to help -- and that just was because I met John Bondon and Richard British of many years -- I realized that I would have to go through my context, and I would have to go to the intervention and go to the companies myself and go to the companies myself.
So what I started to do is suddenly -- I started to tell you -- is that when you start to be able to be able to understand the idea of understanding your market is a universal problem.
MT: I have friends that make big things, huge games and others and others that make small films like me.
And my friends who do the most big movies that make a big mile, they say that the reason that their film is so successful is that they have to have the markets that they have.
And then my friends who make the interventions who are going to say, "Well, how are we supposed to share with these big, great movies of Hollywood."
And the film is called "The biggest film for self-assembly?
How are we going to see specific in the film?
Every time I am going to go in, every time I open my bank, you'll see the Bang Bang.
At any time during an interview with someone I can say, "You're good for this intervention?
Are you right? You see a little nervous you.
I want to help you help you.
Maybe you should have a little bit of this before the intervention?
And there's one of these fantastic backs.
The South Ford "The Park "The Parkinson's "The Parking will have their opportunity.
We are going to have so much for man as for a woman for a woman -- solar, blood -- as it is.
That's the general view here.
Now I can tell you your questions and give you a performance of a performance.
Kohan France," we are a small market.
So similar to the kind of smaller film than you know, we are more good to a real market.
And so we don't have the surface that they have other faces.
So you do things like this, you know, to remember Bangladesh to people is the reason that this is interested in.
MT: What words would use to describe Banglades?
Bang is based.
KB: That's a big question.
woman.
MT: The technology is not the way you want to describe something that you put on the size.
Man: Let's talk about something naturally, free.
I think that "prevent is a great word that actually put this piece of positive particles and the subject and the surface?
It keeps you free.
How do we make a little bit more time -- with better frankly, more frankly, three times later, three times.
And things like those people who look at the benefits of the benefits here.
MT: And that's a military company.
What about me, what about a common type of common?
I need to talk to the man in the street, to people like me, to the common Pennsylvania.
They have to talk about my market.
MT: How do you make your market?
Man: My market?
I don't know.
I like the good.
Woman: It will be able to get the 80 percent, and I was going to get at least that it will be day.
MT: Well, what is the Germany Germany?
Good -- something unique -- "Miller, "Man: I guess the kind of government, the state that I have to be like a scale collection.
I like a lot of dark colors -- many groups and things like this.
And so I have access to take access to the sun of the sun or I like the crisis and similarities.
Woman: If you're going to be a market could be a climate content, Mars Bengual.
man two, the market I am -- I call it some collection.
woman.
Man: I'm the kind of the markets.
And I sell the states in the country and in the world.
So I guess that is my market.
And in my little sector, that's my market.
Man: My market is France because I put the market.
man.
Is that?
And I am a little bit of adaptation.
This: I'm Talk.
MT: Well, we can't all be Mars Time, but often I often care about the straight of collective "Lineariss: "Can so management.
I realized I needed an experiment.
I needed someone who could go into my head, someone who could help us understand what they call the market person?
And I found a company called Joshua Bang in Parkinson.
They helped you companies like Stanford, Francisco, Harvard to discover that personal personality.
If they were able to do it for them, they could probably do it for me.
And they traveled the pictures -- right?
MT: Yeah. The first picture is a family picture.
E: How much a little bit about your thoughts and feeling your way to be.
MT: These people move my way to see the world.
E: How much of that world.
MT: That world? I think your world is the world in which you live -- like the people who go down, your friends, your family -- the way you live your life, the work you do.
And all of those things are growing up and start in a place and in my case, and they start in my family in my family.
E: What's the next one you want to talk about.
MT: The next one is the best day of my life.
E: How do you relationship this with your thinking, feel and your way to be.
MT: It's like who wanted to be me.
I like the different things.
I like the radical things. I like the radical things.
E: How much of what is that?
What is the market? What do you have to put you right now.
Why is it important to remember it? What does the right?
So I have a little bit about that.
A little bit more of you, which is not who you are.
So what else do you have had it?
You have to have to have to have a fear -- what kind of monkey are you?
MT: Right?
E: Thank you for your patient.
MT: Yeah, I don't know what's going to come from this.
There was a lot of dark in all this.
Lind Zealand: And the first thing I saw was this idea that there are two different side, but complexity, in your market personality, the Mars Moranthan Mars is a construction market.
They get very good.
And I think there is almost a paradigm in them.
And I think some companies will only focus on one of their strong dots or at the other time to focus on them.
A lot of companies tend and is the human nature -- to avoid the things that are not safe -- they send the fear -- those elements -- and you actually give you something positive to you, and it's great to see that.
What else are you like this?
The first here is the change, Allistan.
And you can see it also here to Arabic, William, my Minister Mars and Jerusalem.
Now, there are markets and marketing markets, those things that have gone and come up and a manufacturing market is a pretty powerful thing.
MT: A magnetic market is your market?
If someone asked you to describe your identity of market, your market personality, what would it be?
Are you a straight article? Are you someone who makes the surface survive?
Or are you going to be a straight angelly?
A little bit more called a little bit more, responsibility, conservation?
The articles are like to be a little bit like the President, control, angel, and authority like Europe Francisco, quickly or grandmother, physical, marketing, marketing, marketing, marketing or marketing like Galania.
Or are you going to be more of the approach of a destiny?
You're aware of something like 1870.
You're statistically, transformation, professional, protected you with a context?
You are construction, state, family, service, sure, survival, construction or sales, like David Latin or God?
In the course of this film we had more than 500 companies and terrorists and descriptions, they said, "No, they didn't want to form part of this project.
They didn't want to have anything to do with this film, literally because they wouldn't have control -- they wouldn't have control about the final product.
They allowed us to tell us the story of neurons, and we got to tell the story in this film of how they are now using the magic resource to identify the center of the desire in the brain in the brain as well as for common.
We went to San Palani where they have been able to get the policy to the air.
In the whole city for the last five years there are no values, there are no careers, there is nothing else.
And we went to schools in which the companies are doing in the schools with schools in the United States.
The amazing thing for me is that the projects in which I've had the biggest answer or in which I've had more success is those where I have been interested with things that have been interested with it.
And that's what they did.
They went to the interventions, they went to their applications, and they said, maybe these adults don't have my best interest in mind.
I'm going to try directly with the art.
I'm going to work with him to create something different -- something that's going to be thinking about people, which is going to challenge the way we look at the world.
And how do you have it? Do you see it?
Well, since the film was sitting on the State of Steven, let's take a see.
And the film is going into the film of the film, and since then -- and this is not all -- we've had 100 million dollars in the media for this film.
This is just a period of two weeks and a half weeks ago.
That's just on the line -- I don't think -- or TV.
The film is still not discovering.
It's still not. It's not in surface.
It has not even been in other countries.
In the last one, this film has already started to make the printer.
And it's not bad.
I have always believed that if you go up, if you take risks -- that in those risks there are opportunity.
I think when you go to the people of that is getting them to the factory.
I think when you go to their jobs in the risk to the risk is getting all their company to get out of resources.
I feel that what it has to happen to go out is that we have to encourage people to address.
We have to encourage people to not have fear of the opportunities that can be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able
In the last one, I think we have to give it place to the fear.
We have to put that rest in a car.
We're going to make the fear of the fear -- let's make the risk here.
On a card at a time, we have to open the risk for the risk at all.
And in fact, we have to add to transformation.
Now more than a little bit of honor is going to take a long way.
And he said this, with honor and transformation, all my talk "We would "go up with the Treatical story has been present by my good friends who were in the single sea of the name in Eastern.
MT: It will make great data in big opportunities for companies around the world.
This is a printer "Come out of the Treatical Treates."
Thank you very much.
John China: So Mono, in name of the transport, which happened exactly with those 1870s.
MT: It's an extraordinary question.
In my colleagues I have a character at the name of the TED organization of TED, the Francisco Sandara, a control for 140,000 to be able to be able to be able to my TED time.
The idea behind the Standard information is actually very simple.
We don't want me to get the nuclear blog.
Their biggest act to develop nuclear weapons is the plant of University in National.
The grandmothers that you see are systems of control in real time.
If we were able to share these systems that control speed and sites, we can cause a lot of problems with the control.
The grandmothers are not using software sounds -- they're a completely different technology.
But if we were going to put an effective version of William in a particular opportunity used by an engineering to support this back box -- then we're ready to be ready to you.
This is the plan behind Steven.
We started with a New Kings.
The operation goes down to the grandmother box day, the control, and the nuclear program is going to be demonstrated.
It's easy.
I want to tell you how we discovered this.
When we started to research on Starin six months ago, the purpose was completely constructed.
The only thing that you know is that it's very, very complex in the part of Kings," the institution used to make a lot of variables in the side.
It seemed to want to do something with these free cars, these control systems.
That was called the attention -- and we started an experiment where we put our environment.
So they spent very strange things.
Steve was kind of like a lab of lab to which you didn't like our street, but I didn't want to eat it.
I didn't have sense for me.
And then I was going to experience with different gentlemen, and I thought, and I thought, this is a distributed adult.
It's completely discovery?
The institution is looking at in the free box if you find a specific trust and even if the program that is trying to figure out is actually working in that place, in that place.
If not.
So that's called my attention and we started working on this almost 24 hours a day, because I thought, "We don't know what the object is.
It could be, let's say for example, a piece of energy power or a chemical plant in Alexander.
So better than we find out the environment.
So let's go up and we set up the control code and we found that I was interested in two digital boats, a small and a big one.
And we also saw that they were very excited by people who obviously had all the international information.
You know all the points that I will do.
They probably know how much of the detail.
So you know everything.
And if you've heard that the Standard international is complex and a high technology, let me tell you, the care is very complex to you.
It's very above all of what we've seen before.
So here you see a show of this care code here.
We're talking about about 15 billion lines of code line.
It looks pretty much the old language.
I want to tell you how we could find sense to this code here.
What we were looking at in the beginning were called the system, because we know what they do.
And then we would look at temperatures and structures of data and we tried to get them to the real world, with the environmental world.
We need the theory about research that we could be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to get in.
In order to get to the theory of objects -- we remember that it's developed a visual site, it has to be a valuable white blog, and it's safe in Iraq, because it's where most of the institutions has been represented.
You don't find several thousands of objects in that area.
It basically goes back to the nuclear power of Berlin and to the plant of National English.
So I said to my stream, "The list of all of all of the experts and power plants between our clients?
And I call them and put them into a effort to play their experience with what we found in code and data.
And it worked pretty well.
So we were able to solve the little digital eye with the control of the robot.
The robot is that mobile part inside the control, that black object you see.
If you take the speed of this robot, they certainly can be able to do it and even to make the control of it.
What we also saw is that the goal of the adult was to do it and put it into an object that is going to go back to the limitations of metaphor, so that they couldn't solve this really quickly.
We try to make a big digital diagram looking very close to the data and their structure.
So for example, the number 180 percent in that code -- you can't get out.
I started to be able to make scientific light about how these controls are built in National and found that they are structure in what it's called a film, and every space has 18 controls.
That had a sense, there was a control.
And it gets better yet.
These controls in Iran are designed in 15 parts called stars.
And guess what we found in the care of an artist?
And a little bit of a little bit.
So again, that was a good control.
This gave us a lot of trust to understand what we had between hands.
And so there's no materials -- it wasn't like this.
The results have been made after several weeks of hard work.
We have been done in cars without something and we had to go back to start again.
And yet, we found out that both digital oceans came up to one and same thing, but from different northern.
The small ocean is taking a financial, and making the robots and the real activist -- and the big option is communicate with six particles and manipulating villages.
And we are very aware that we have to figure out what the transportation is.
It's National, and it's just National.
We don't have to worry that other objects are running by Stanford.
So here I show you a few very interesting things that we saw -- I was really excited to me.
There is the free box -- and you see the controls.
And what this thing is doing is to figure out the values of the sensors for example, from the pressure of the pressure and the sensors of visual control and the limitation of the limitation -- which is still going on during the adult, with bad data data.
And I think or not, these data data are made by Stanford.
It is like in the Hollywood movies where the robot.
Is it really great that?
The idea here is obviously not just to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to go into the control of control.
It's really much more dangerous and automatic.
The idea is to make a digital security system.
We need digital security systems where a human opportunity could not act fast.
For example, in a piece of energy, when the great flow of value is going to be able to be able to be able to be able to open in a milliseques.
And obviously this can't make it a human.
That's where we need digital security systems.
And when they are completely completely bad things.
The plant can explain it.
And not the operations or the security system.
That is sure.
But it can be better.
What I'm going to say is very important.
Think about this. This is a general thing.
It doesn't have anything to see -- especially with control, with the organic infrastructure.
It could work as well, for example, in a piece of energy, or in a care factory.
It's great.
And you don't have a little bit of advantage -- which is going to design this card with a U.S. card, as we saw in the case of Steven.
You could also use the construction technology to do it.
It will give you the most possible.
And if you did that, with what you end up is with a mass of the mass design.
That's the concept that we need to face it.
Unfortunately, the biggest number of objects for the artists is not in the Middle Middle here.
It's in the United States.
All the green areas are space.
We need to face the consequences and better that we start to predict now.
Thank you.
Chris Anderson: I have a question.
Audience: It has been public in many side of the people that people see that Monterien is the main sense behind this.
What's your operation?
Raisult Lady" -- OK, really want to listen to this?
Yeah. Okay.
My opportunity is that Monterien is involved but the way is not Iraq?
The shape behind this is the care surface.
There is a single one, and that's the United States of the United States.
Because in the other way, our problems would be even better.
CA: Thank you. Thank you. Thank you, Raisul.
I want you to imagine a robot that can be able to be able to take it up and I give the substantial skills -- or another thing that makes us use in the bottom of the grandmothers are coming back and come back to it.
In Bench Billiest we call these robots -- exploration.
They're not a different thing about something that gets in the morning, it gives you a great force -- that you can actually increase their speed -- and he helped him, for example, to make the stage.
It's actually the real sense of man and the machine.
But not just that -- it can interact it and connect it with the universe and with some of them in the other time.
This is not a real idea.
So to show you now in what we're working on by talking about the American soldiers that in average it has to take up on the space of the space of a 45 kilometers -- and it is going to be doing even more team.
And obviously this leads to some important computers -- relatively in the space -- at 30 percent of the soldiers -- with the control days of space.
We decided to control this challenge and create a expert that you could help to help the point.
Let me introduce you to the HIV -- or Paris Christian Carolina Chinese.
Soldier, with the U.S. exploration I can spend 90 miles per lot for a lot of hours.
His food design is allowed to put up in order to be able to be able to be able to be able to go up with a big collaboration.
So I want to do what I want to do, or where I want to go in, and then I increase my force and my resource.
So Berge Ben: we're ready with our industrial society, to produce this application, this new expertise, this year.
Or it is a reality.
We're going to go back to the state to the use of street states, about what I feel particularly particularly.
There are 18 million people who are going to be able to be able to be, in the whole world.
As one percent of the total population.
And this is actually a really creative thing.
So let's talk about something that happens with fact, very young people, with data in the visual color that when you start to start their life -- 30 or 40 years -- you can take a wall and the side of the road it turns out to be their only opportunity.
And we also talk about the population that you have to get really quickly.
His only control, a lot of times -- for a brain leader or some other complexity -- it's the single side.
And this has been like this for the last 500 years, from their own surface, as I should recognize it.
So we decided to start to write a new change on modern.
So let me introduce you the ELA that is using Benjamin Benjamin who was going to be able to get a record in the seat colleague, and as a result I couldn't go to walk for 17 years, until now.
And I love Benjamin: Thank you.
BF: And I'm going to be using our EDI -- which was going on.
It has a few sense.
It is completely not involved in the mountains that are going to go to the computer computer -- here in the space.
And there are also a few bacteria that give us energy into the careers, and in the rooms, and they do it with this and a very natural street and very nature.
AB: I was 24 years old in the top of my life when I was on the air.
In a second, I lost all sense and everything movement from the paradigm towards down.
A little time later, a doctor went back to my room in the hospital and he said, "Man: never going to walk to walk?
That happened 11 years ago.
So I came up with the last piece of hope of my be.
The adult technology since then, I have allowed me to learn how to take it down on the stars, and so on.
But they haven't invented anything that allows me to walk up, until now.
Thank you.
BF: As you can see, we have the technology, we have the platforms to feel and talk to you.
It's in our hands -- and we have all the potential here to change the life to the future of generation -- not only sounds, but to Allian, and all of the use of all of the ones in the bottom of the bottoms to all.
AB: Thank you.
I just come back from a community that has the secret of human surface.
This is a place where women have the back, protecting sex to say today, and the game is the order of the day where the diversity is a serious thing.
And no, it is not the factory of the American man or San Francisco.
ladies and gentlemen, you know to their principles.
This is the world of the subjects of Congo seasons.
Boys are together with the chimpanzees, their own living living parts of them.
That means that we all share a common ancestor, an evolutionary arm, which lived about six million years ago.
Now, the kids are known by their authority.
But unfortunately, we've done too much.
But babies show us the other side of the control.
As the chimpanzees are taken by big types -- anti-stars, the blood society is on the middle of the movies with power.
These guys have created something special -- because this leads to a very clear society where the moral violence is still not seen before.
But unfortunately, the banks are the less understanding of the big situation.
They live in the service of the supermarket season, and it's been very hard to study it.
The Congo is a parking -- an extraordinary land of extraordinary and beauty -- but also the heart of the size itself.
It's not going to explain that this distribution also put the surface of the balloon.
The face of care and description make you can't be able to take a state with the banks that are going on in the world, and honest, we're not sure of it.
However, in this land of violence and causes you can hear the rest of the trees.
Who are these principles?
We know them like the single single love -- not the war, because they have a freedom of freedom, primary and big and service to make conflict and solve social problems.
I'm not saying that this is the solution to all the problems of humanity because the life of the bank is more than the Kan Steven.
On the banks, as humans, you love to play the long of their life.
It's not just a game game.
And for us and for them the game is fundamental to be able to be able to be able to make the transportation.
With him we learn to trust and we learn the rules of the game.
The game increase the creativity and responsibility and it has to do with the diversity of diversity -- diversity of interactions, diversity of behavior.
And when you look at the blood game you see the evolutionary reactions of the risk, the day and the human relationships and the humans.
The game is the paradigm that tells us.
I don't know how you play you, but I want to show you a couple of video video takes taken from the sea metaphor.
First of all, it's a play game game. And I don't talk about it.
So here we have a fear and a young man in a perspective.
Look at what's doing it.
It could be the evolution of the private experience, it has a strange of the planets?
I just think that in this case to him would say, right?
Yeah.
So the sexual game is common as much as in humans.
And this video really is interesting because I show -- this video really is interesting because it shows the invention to bring the individual elements to the game -- and also how the game requires trust and make the context -- and at the same time.
But the game is particularly.
The game is particularly, it can take a lot of ways -- some of which are more transportation, imagination, colleagues, maybe the place where you get the amazing.
And I want you to see this -- this is France, a young man who is playing with the strange water.
I think that as it is, sometimes we are going to play them, and we explore the limits of our entire world.
And it is that culture that makes us explain to explore it, and then the international connections that we face are the real sense of creativity of creativity as well.
So these are just small shows of the understanding that babies give us from our past.
But they also have a secret for our future, a future in which we have to add to a world more and more difficult with more creative and more conservation.
The secret is that the game is the key of these capabilities.
In other words, the game.
In order to take a world to a world that changes we have to play.
But we're going to go to the most of our game capacity?
The game is not free.
The game.
For babies and humans for the way, life is not just crisis and destroying.
When you look at the less application to play -- you can be the moment that it is the most organized.
And so you can be able to be able to take this regulation of evolution and we play together as we take creativity and the advantage and the amazing.
Thank you.
In New York I am responsible for a development of an organization of a language called Robert Hollywood.
When I'm not putting the poverty.
And in our city, where the values are going to get a high particular person, you have to get to the site of the intervention of the intervention to go into action.
I remember my first instrument.
I was the second value in the room, so I had a pretty high chance to go.
But even there was a face in front of the other values to get to the cause to the code and figure out what our task was.
When I found the capital -- I was inspired in a conversation with the purpose that it was not having one of the worst days of his life.
And we were at the middle of the night, she was standing out on the land, under a paradigm, and I was standing, and I mean, as his house was in call up.
The other value that I was just going to get to get before I was -- we call it Leonardo Latin,  I got first to the capital and this asked him to go and save the dog of the hole of the home.
The book? I was so clear?
And there was a dead or a money of money that during the rest of his life, I would have to tell people who go in a building in a building to save a living living because I went for five seconds.
Well, I was the next one.
The capital made me a thing.
He said, "Beer, I need to go into the house.
I need it to go up, I took the fire -- and I took this woman a couple of streets."
And it goes out.
It was not exactly what I expected but I went -- I went up the schools, at the end of the planet, I went to the "letter bombs that to that state of the street or less they had been able to get the fire and go into the top of a couple of streets.
I know what you're thinking about, but I'm not a horrible.
I took my head back on the scale where I met my National Andrew and the present present in the main door in the main door in the main door in the main door in the main door in the main door in the main door in the main door in the main door in the main door in the main door in the main door in the main door
We went out of the house in the face of the house where it was to wait -- his test got a lot more attention than the me.
A few weeks later, the description got a letter of the head of the head rate of the strange entrepreneur to save her home.
The ambition that she was looking at over the other thing was that someone had had a couple of streets.
And so so much in my vision in Robert Hill like in my vision as a village bottle -- and I am a search of generation and advantage in a mental scale -- but also in a monument of thank you in the individual level.
And you know what I've learned this?
It all has their important.
So when I look at this room to people who have done -- or they're going to be able to be able to be able to remember this, you don't want to remember this, they don't expect it.
They don't expect the first million to make the difference in the life.
If you have something to give it, I get it now.
They would be food in a computer, you take a piece of the neighborhood.
They are mind.
Not every day we're going to have the opportunity to save the life of someone but every day we're going to be able to make the life of somebody else.
So they go into the game -- they save the states.
Thank you.
Bruno Germany: Mary, Mars, back.
Mars Benjamin: Thank you.
This may seem to be strange -- but I'm a great application of the concept of the concept of it.
And the first thing in the concept was made in 1877 with a very simple idea.
Very quickly, these became the most use of building building in the world.
They have allowed us to build bigger things than us, as the buildings or consumers, a land at the time.
All of these whales have become the pieces of our time.
It's almost a couple of years later, in 2010, to LDI was done this.
It was called the authority of climate advantage.
And in a few years, the LED Latin came to all people.
They have been made over 400 billion or 15 dollars per person on the planet.
You don't have to be an engineering to build beautiful behaviors, buildings or home.
Los Leoness did it.
Let me just put up the concept block, the favorite in the world, and it turned it into a fundamental piece of our imagination of our picture.
As so much as that same year, in the Brazil lab -- the next revolution was about to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be
The third was a small unit of plastic that would take us from a world of statement statistical stations -- a few of them to a world where everything was interested in.
And as the control block, the transport allows us to create a lot of a lot of a lot of a lot of a lot more complex and a lawyer at the time.
But there is a primary difference -- the train was just for experts for them.
I don't hear it, which is that the building bullets of our time are responsible to the experience, so I decided to change it.
eight years ago, when I was in the Middle Middle, I started to explore the idea of taking the power of the industrialisms to the hands of artists and designers and designers and design.
A few years ago, I started to develop blogs.
I'm going to show you how they work.
Lines are electric movements every one with a specific work.
They are ready to be light.
And the best thing about everything is that they get in the top of them.
So you can't get a wrong way.
The doctors have a code of colors here.
The green is the signal, the blue is the face -- the robot is the stream and the colleague is the ball.
So you just have to put a blue with one green and very quickly you can start to make a little bit of people.
A blue with one green produce light.
We can put a baby in the middle and we have a record.
If we change the gap for a molecule of player, which is here, and now we have a light light.
We gave this fear to create more impact and we have a role machine.
I'm going to stop this.
So beyond the simple game.
Instead of having to try and connect and solved and self-assembly, we allow us to try to program very simple.
In order to make more fast or more long, you just took this nice thing that makes the plant more quickly or more long.
The idea behind blogs is that it is a creative power.
We want all of the institutions in the world they are getting up to little ready to use.
You know, sound sounds, sounds, sounds -- everything must be accessible.
We have given children to see them to play with them.
And it's been an amazing experience.
The best thing is how you start to understand the electricity of every day that doesn't learn in school.
For example, how it works a light of night, or why the door of a terrorist gets open open or how an image answer to the environment.
We also have blood blood school.
So for example, the designers without an experience in electricity begin to play with blogs like a materials.
So here you can see here, with the patterns of paper.
(March meters --  ago, a few weeks ago, we had a few weeks ago to the design of the design of Rentin School -- who don't have any experience at all.
So here's an example of a project that have done, a kind of kind of concept with movement as well.
But you know, here comes my favorite project.
This is a lot of particular factory that has fear of the dark.
And for these not innovation, white became another material -- the electricity became another material in the other.
And we want this material to be on the top of us.
And by the same thing it has an open code on it.
You can see the website of the website -- to make all of the design of design and will make them.
We want to make a world of creating a world of creative and individuals because this world in which we live -- this international world, is us.
And so I went back and invited it.
Thank you.
I'm going to talk to you about the discoveries that are going to talk about.
I work on the solar technology.
And my little company is going to be involved with the environment.
The discovery of distribution.
This is a little video of what we do.
Let me take a moment.
You can take a little bit of careful.
We can be able to continue the video to one side to a side of a side.
No.
This is not it.
All right.
The solar technology.
Oh, I'm going to make me the time.
All right. Thank you very much.
A couple of years ago, I had a couple of years ago.
The institution is called "The American "State and they would be like a couple of peace for technology.
We have a few members every year and we put them to work with the control.
Instead of giving them to the third world we put them into the solid world.
They made great authorities -- they worked with the college employees.
His task is going to show the possibility of the current technology.
Do you know at all.
At the time of the city.
So here it looks like if you look for a quote -- but what really looks for is that somebody else is when I was going through the sun because it knows that it's not very good at inspired when it's covered by a month of seven.
How do you get to ask this way so sure so sure."
Last year, we had a team of members of "Mandela for African for Africa.
They were out there at the way, and at that time I had a lot of last year.
They realized that the city has never been able to have these holes.
But one of the members called Europe Michael was something else -- that the citizens were born with the cars right in front of them.
So he did like any good program.
This is a high application where you can take a human sea.
You can take it up when I took it.
When you do that, you put a name in this case I put up at it.
If you don't do it, someone can be relevant.
Or it is, it has a computer computer.
It is a modern application.
Maybe it is the smaller of the 18 percent of the last year.
But it does something that any other technology of the government.
And it goes into the visual way.
A responsibility of the Honor city in the Honor to see this device is realized that I could use it -- not for the age -- but so that the citizens are able to be able to be able to be able to be able to come out of the terrorists.
It's very important to work these seats of terrorists, but people are right to the backs.
So he asked the citizens to control them.
And then Steve decided to use it to make the citizens go up with the devices that we have to do as they get the statement designers.
And China was just going to do it to make people have been able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to get up.
So now we know about nine cities that plan to use it.
And this has been discovered with free and natural and natural way.
If you know a little bit of general technology to know that it doesn't happen.
The software of software is a couple of years.
Last year, we had a team working on a project that took three people for two months and a half months.
It was a tool so that parents could choose the best public school for their children.
And then they told us that to have done by the normal skills would have taken at least two years and cost about two million dollars.
And that's not anything.
Now there is a project in the College power of California.
And there are projects like this in every level.
And so a device that is program in a couple of days and it gets in visual form is a surface of the record of the government.
It sounds to the better ways of working -- not like in private companies like a lot of people think that should be.
It's not like a technological company, but more like the Internet.
It is to say, without resilience, in the open form of organization.
And that's important.
But the most important thing about this device is that it represents the way to deal with the question of the government that has the new generation -- not as a problem of a straight institutions but as a collective action problem.
And that's very good because it turns out we're very good for the collective action with digital technology.
And there is a very big community of people who are building the tools so that we work together with effective.
And it's not only "The American for Africa, but there are hundreds of people all over the country that are going to control with the car applications every day in their own community.
They have not been given for the government.
They feel a great face for that, but they don't do it, they get it.
And these people know something that we have lost from view.
And that is that if we leave the sense of the policy -- the film in the DNA -- and all of those other things that are going on, the government is, the government is, in the words of Time Leonardo, which we do together because we can just do that.
Now, a lot of people have taken the government.
If you are one of those people, I would ask you to recognize it, because things are changing it.
The policy doesn't change the government.
And because the government in the last number of us, you remember that of us, the people -- the way to think about the way to produce the change.
I didn't know a lot of government when I started with this.
And as a lot of people thought that government is going to be able to choose people so that they can get care of.
Well, after two years I've got to the concept that the government is about all, a matter of forests.
So this is the center of the power of services and information.
It is the place that you have to take the call if you get 360 in the United States.
And I took this called this call called this.
In the bottom of the original knowledge based on it.
I didn't find anything. It started with animal control.
And finally he said, "Hey, you can open the door of the house, put a good way and see if you're going on?
And it works. So it was going to be so good.
But that wasn't the end of the flowers.
You don't have a center of called a call.
It has a application, website and mobile called Congo Congo."
We don't have that application.
It was the work of very smart people from the New Medical Medical American Bang.
One day, this really happened to do this question: "And "I don't know that I don't know if it's dead.
How do I do that?
The District of Congo Constitution is different.
He was talking about person.
In Congo Congo everything is public -- so you can all see this.
In this case, I saw it a neighbor.
And the next way he said, "I went back to the place, I found the colleague college behind the house.
Andress? Yeah.
He went back to the community. I went home.
Good night, saved forest?
It's pretty simple.
This is great. It's the trust of the digital and the physical thing.
And it's also a big example of the government of the government to the distribution of the distribution of it.
But it's also a great example of government as a platform.
And here I don't necessarily mean to the decision of a platform.
I talk about a platform so that people are going up and help others.
So a city helped another but here the government had a key role in a key role here.
I connected the two people.
And you could have connected with the government services of being necessary but the neighborhood is a better alternative and more but more likely than the general services are.
When a neighbor helps each other, we make the community.
If we call an animals, it costs a lot of money.
One important thing that we have to think about the government is that it's not the same thing that politics is.
A lot of people understand it, but you think one is the end of the other.
And that we go into the government system is the video.
How many times have you choose to a political leader -- sometimes we spend a lot of energy to choose a new political leader and then we hope that government represents our values and solver our needs and then we don't see change.
That is because the government is like an old ocean and the policy is the surface of the surface of 15 camera.
On the bottom is what we call the brain.
And we say that word with a lot of spectrum.
But this is that challenge that keeps us that that makes us the thing that we find as something that happens in our against it, that other thing -- and in aware we're losing the power.
People believe that policy is sensitive.
If we want this institutions to work that we will have to make the building be sensitive.
Because that's where the real work works.
We have to control with the government.
That makes the American movement.
Have you seen them.
This is a group of citizens that have written a very difficult and 3D approach of 32 pages in response to the Performan Performan project, about the primary process project on the financial research.
That is not a political activity -- it's activity activity.
And for the ones that we have done to the government -- it's time that we asked us to ask our children.
You have to see the huge challenges that are going to have to go on.
They really believe that we have to go to where we have to go out without solve the institutions that can be able to act in the name of everyone.
We can't be able to be able to be able to be more effective.
The good news is that with technology is possible to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to get out of the government of government so that it can express the civil society.
There is a generation that grew up with the Internet and knows that it's not so hard to act materials, just you have to add the systems in the right way.
The age of the age of our members is 18 years old, so I am a better generation than many of them.
This is a generation that has grew up to take the word and giving it almost for sitting now.
They're not giving that battle that we all face about who's going to talk about, they're all going to talk about.
You can explore their opportunities in any room at the same time and they do.
So when you face the problem of the government don't matter a lot of to make their voices go back into the time.
They're using your hands.
They put hands to the work to try to be able to work better to the government.
And those applications allow us to use the hands to improve our community.
It can be changing a human show, who was going to take a basis of ball that has a flower in it.
Of course, we could always have changed those hundreds and many people do it.
But these applications are like digital records that we're not only connecting, not only of the government of government that we pay and we get services and we have services and we have services and we have services and we have services and we have services and we have services and we have services and we have services and we have services and we have services and we have services
We're more than that, we are cities.
And we're not going to fix the government until we don't get the city.
So I want to ask all of the present -- when it comes to the important things that we have to do together, all of together, we will be a male of time, or we will also be a manufacturer of hands?
Thank you.
This is for me a real honor for me.
I've spent most of the time in crisis, private and in the face of death.
I've spent most of my life in market communities in projects and places where there's a lot of designers.
And it will be here at TED looking at and by looking at these sites have given me a lot of energy.
One of the things I've noticed in this short time, is that TED has identity it.
And the things that you say here have impact around the world.
You know, if something comes from TED, it has a sense and a force that would not have another way.
I say this because I think the identity is really important.
So here we have seen a fantastic property.
And I think we have learned that the words of a teacher can have a lot of sense, but if you think of feeling -- you can have a special meaning that you can have to have a special meaning in it.
A doctor can do good things -- if it's careful, it can make a lot more.
This is why I want to talk about the power of identity for it.
I didn't actually learn this in the practice of the right, my work.
I learned it from my battery.
I grew up in a traditional house of an American family of an American family.
It was hard -- it was straight, I had power.
It was the last word in the family in the family.
She started a lot of the doctors in our home.
It was made of people who had been scale.
His parents were born in the school in Vietnam about 1870.
She was born about the 1870s and his experience with the school as the way the world looks like.
She was dead, but it was also love.
When I was small and I looked at it, she came up with me and I gave me a good advantage.
I was so strong that I could never be able to answer and then I would come up.
One or two hours later, I was going to look at it, and I was going to look at me and said, "But I still feel my advantage?
And if he told me no, I went back again and if he told me yes, I would leave me in peace.
I had this human quality that makes you want to be close to it.
The only problem is I had 10 children.
My mother was the less than 10 percent.
In some ways, when I was going to spend a time with it, it was not easy to change his time and his attention.
My present were running around all of them.
I remember when I was eight or nine years old, I went on a morning, I went to the room and there were running all of my principles.
My grandmother was on the other side of the room, and I looked at me.
At the beginning, I thought it was a game.
So I looked at it, and she was going to be very serious at it.
After 15 or 20 minutes, she came up with the room, he took me out of the hand and he said, "Do you see Brown. The two are going to consider it.
I remember this as if it was right.
I will never forget it.
It took me out and said, "But he said, "But I would tell you something, but you can't say to anyone."
I said, "It's good, Mars.
She said, "I want you to do it? I said, "Oh.
Then I sat to me, and he looked at me, and he said, "I want you to know that I've been looking at you.
And he said, "I think you're special ...
He said, "I think you can do what you want.
I will never forget it.
And then he said, "I just want you to get three things, Brazil."
I said, "Yes, Mars."
And he said, "The first thing I want you to think about is that you always want your mother to be able to get your mother to you.
And I said, "This is my daughter -- and you have to think of the computers?
As I was going to my mother, I said, "Yes, Mars, so I would do it?
And then he said, "The second thing I want you to do is that you are always going to do the right thing that the right thing is differently?
I thought about it, and I said, "Yes, M.A.  I would do it?
Then then he said, "The third thing I want you to present is that you never get a little bit of alternative?
I was nine years old, and I said, "Yes, Mars, so I would do it.
I grew up in the field -- in the rural surface -- I have a single year a year and a year a year.
When I was 14 or 15 -- one day my brother came home with a six cards, I don't know where I did it, I was going to take my sister and to me and we went to the forest.
We just get to make the rooms of always
He took a card surface, he came up to my sister -- she took a little bit and they took me.
I said, "No, no, no. It's good. You know, but I'm not going to take care?
My brother said, "You know, I'm going to do it. And you always do the same thing that we do.
I took something, your sister also took a card?
I said, "No, I don't feel good. You can go out.
Then my brother looked at me.
He said, "What do you do? It takes a card?
And I got a look at it with force and he said, "Oh, not that you're still thinking about the conversation with Mars."
I said, "But what are you talking about?
He said, "Man tells all of the numbers that are special?
I was definitely definitely.
I have to support something to you.
I'm going to tell you something that probably shouldn't say.
I know that this is going to be exploring it.
But I have 13 years old, and I can admit that I've never taken a ball of a class.
I don't say this to think it's a vision, I say it for the power that has the identity of it.
When we create the right kind of identity -- we say things that really don't look sense.
We can't get them to do things that don't believe to do.
I think my grandmother would never believe that all his numbers were special to be species.
My grandmother had been present during the privacy.
My eyes died from diseases with the alternative.
And these were the things that we were going to do with it, we had to be able to get them.
Now, I'm going to try to talk about our self-assembly system.
This country is today very different than it was 40 years ago.
And in 2010, there were 300 feet at all.
There are two million today.
In the United States we have the biggest rate of the world.
We have seven million people in the control line.
And this marketing profile in my view, has changed our world.
In poor communities or black communities it is so far -- so much designer, and I would get up by these fact that they do.
One of three black black between the 18 and the 30 years is in the crisis or in the control itself.
In the urban communities all over the country, the Americans, Barrier, Brazil, Bangladesh, 50 to 60 to 60 to 60 percent of the color are in the crisis or in the control line.
Our system is not just designed in front of the race -- it's also about poverty.
In this country we have a global system that is a lot better if you're rich and clean, that if you're poor and institution.
It is not clearly, but it takes what the results.
And it looks like we feel very straight.
The policy of fear and force makes us believe that these are not our own problems.
We are designed.
It looks interesting.
We are looking at our work some of us with a few of them.
In my state in Allian, like in the other states -- you have to go out of rights for always if you have a self-interest control.
And right now in Alexander, 75 percent of the black population has lost the right to the right to the time.
And if we put it back to the next 10 years the level of religion will be so close to how it was before it was before the law of the right.
We have this small simple.
I remember children.
Many of my colleagues are very young people.
The United States is the only country in the world where it felt to the age of 13 years to die in pressure in process.
We have in this critical country for kids, no chance to go on.
Now we are in the process of some lives.
The only country in the world.
It represents people in the bottom of death.
This issue of death is interesting.
In a certain sense, you've been taught to think that the final question is, the people are going to die by the control crimes?
A very sensitive question.
But you can think about another way about how we are in our identity of it.
Is there another way to look at it, it's not about decide if people want to die by the financial conditions -- but if we are going to kill it.
This is interesting.
The death of death in the United States.
In every nine people, it has seen one that is an amazing thing that is excited and limited from the death of death.
A transport rate rate is a context of every one.
This is interesting.
It was not going to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to pay if every nine of them will be able to be stuck.
But in some way, we get out of the problem.
It's not our problem.
It's not our career.
It's not our own.
I talk a lot about these things.
I talk about race and this issue of if we want to kill me.
It's interesting that in my class with students on American history, I talk to you about school.
I talk to you about the transportation, the time that started at the end of the religion and I went up to the second World war.
We don't really know a lot about this.
But for black Americans in this country, it was a little bit developed by the theory.
In many communities people have fear to be found.
And I was worried to be based.
The threat of the theory was what their lives.
Now there are more people who are going to get me and say, "You know, Sea, Service, you talk about it, and he makes the people who stop to say that in our story we were able to say that in our history to the theory of the theory of the theory of the theory of the 1980s.
They ask me to say, "No, I say we grew up with that?
The age of the terrorist control, obviously with the security and decades of local subjective and self-assembly.
In this country we have a difference that we don't like to talk about our problems.
We don't like to talk about our story.
And that's why we haven't understood the meaning of what we've been done.
All of the time we take each other.
And we have a lot of consciousness and conflict in it.
It makes us work to talk about radios. I think it's because we're not willing to focus with a real process and relationship.
In South Africa, people understand that you could not be able to support the natural security without a truth with the truth and the relationship.
In Russia, even before I had this computer, but in this country we haven't done it.
I was in America by doing conflict on the death story.
It was fascinating because one of the teachers went back after my present and he said, "You know that it's good to listen to what you say to you.
And he said, "We don't have a death of death.
We could never have to get here.
The room was standing up and a theory said, there's no way that with our story, we could be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be
It would be a rational thing that we are, international and developed, we would be able to explore people.
They remember about this.
How do we feel in a world where a nation like Alexander, especially to people, especially if they were in their own computers?
We couldn't get it out.
It would be great.
And even like this, there is this design.
I think that our identity is in dangerous.
If we actually don't care about these things so difficult -- the positive things and wonderful things are yet, increased.
We love innovation.
It makes us the technology. We took creativity up.
We love the intervention.
But finally, those reality are available by the surface, the death, the democracy, marketing.
In my view, you need to interact both things.
We just talk about the need to have more hope.
I think that wants to be going to spend more time thinking and talk about the poverty.
Think about them is, in a way, something that's inside our be.
It's true that we have to believe in issues that we haven't seen it.
This is how we're going to be so rational -- so they're so excited with the intelligence of it.
With innovation with creativity -- the development is not just the brain ideas.
These things come out of food ideas as well.
This connection of the mind with the heart is what it tells us to do is not only in the brain and detecting it, but also in the dark and the hard thing.
Virgin Haiti, the big reading line, talking about this.
He said, "When we were in European Europe, we were able to have all kinds of things, but we literally need to be hope.
Well, that article for the space is probably in the heart of what I think, that even in communities like TED -- it has to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to
There is no relationship with technology and design that allows us to be really humans if we don't put the attention to the poverty, to the engineering, to the infection, to the infection.
Now I want to tell you that these tools will make a much more effective identity than if we put these things.
Let's go back to find them.
I had the big privilege -- being a very young death, to meet Robert Parkinson.
These women are simply just to talk about.
And he said, "Oh, the Sand Street was called me to say, "But it comes to the Parkinson's sea -- we're going to go back to talk to you to talk to you.
You want to come back and listen to you."
And he said, "You know. I don't want to.
So she said, "Well, what would you do when you go back when you go?
I said, "Listen to it.
So I was and I just heard them.
It was something very controlled -- very successful.
And in a room I was there, listening to these ladies -- and after a couple of hours, Dr. Parkinson's studying to me, and he said, "Oh, Brian, Ben, let me be that idea of the strange system.
How much you are trying to do to do.
And I started to give you my discovery.
I said, "Well, we're trying to question the intervention.
We try to help the ones that have been constructed in.
We try to focus on the perspective.
We tried to be able to deal with the sense of life.
We try to do something about the death of death.
We try to reduce the population in the crisis.
We tried to be able to end up with management teachers.
I gave it all of my best discovery and when I ended up looking at me and he said, "You know, I love my men."
And he said, "I will stay away, very straight?
At that moment, Dr. Carrily come up, I put my head on the face and he said, "It's why you have to be very much but very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very
I think in fact, the TED community has to be much more valuable to be a lot more.
We have to find the way that we are going to find those restaurants, those problems -- that survival.
Because finally humanity depends from compassion for others.
I've learned some very simple things in my work.
I've been written in simple things.
I've got to understand and believe that every one of us is the worst of the worst thing that we have formed.
I think that's true for everybody in the planet.
I'm convinced that if someone says a mind, it's not because it's a men.
I'm sure if someone takes something that doesn't get up, it is not a show.
Even if someone kill another, it's not that it is a area.
This is why I think there's a basic difference in the people who must be responsible for the law.
I also believe that in many parts of this country and without a lot of parts of the world, I put it to poverty is not the relationship.
This is not it.
I really think that in many parts of the poverty is the system.
And finally, I think that even though it is very far -- very beautiful, very straightforward, it's not going to get us for our technology, for our design -- not for our design or relationship or relationship.
At the end of a society, it is not by the way that they treat the rich and powerful and private and private and the way they treat the poor -- the contents, the presents.
Because it's in this context as we started to understand really deep issues about what we are.
You know, I feel straightforward. I'm going to end with a story.
Sometimes I do too much.
I mean, like all of us.
Sometimes those ideas go beyond my reasons in a important.
I've been represent to these kids who have been feeling with a lot of death.
And I go to the crisis and I see my colleagues of 12 and 14 years, who have been used to get them up as a adults like adults.
And I start thinking, how can it be?
How can you be able to make someone in what it isn't it?
The grandmother was just like a airport, but I see a child.
A very late night I was trying to think about it, for God, if you can be able to become something that you're not going to be -- it must be able to have mathematical power.
Yes, Brun, the game has a magic power.
You should ask some of that.
And as I was very late -- I couldn't think about it, but I started working on a movie.
I had a 14 years old, a little one, a little bit -- black black.
I began to work on the movie, with a decline that said, "Movement for my black clip of 14 years to be treated as a primary primary programmer of 14 years, expectancy of a computer."
In the museum I found that there was been been a control in the access, in the behavior.
There was a living line about how in this country there is no life, but it's all a lack of life.
At the next morning, I was trying to think about that manufacturing manufacturing would be a dream or really write?
And for me, it wasn't just the record -- but I had sent it to the course.
They spent about two months -- I had been all all of it.
And finally I decided --  -- I have to go to the cut for this kind of stage.
I went back to the car and I felt really straight, adaptable.
I went on the car to the card.
I thought this would be very difficult and thought.
I finally came out of the car. I went to the card.
I was going up the schools when I found a better black man, was the control of the play.
When I looked at me, I came up and said, "What is you?
I said, "I'm a death? He said, "It's a driver? I said I know.
And then I got up to me and additional me.
And I was going to get in the one.
He said, "I'm proud of you.
I have to tell you now that it was very construction.
And that has been connected with my interest with my identity with the ability that we all have to focus on the community with a hope.
Well, go back to the slide room.
When you go in, the game saw me.
And he said, "Look, Seattle, you wrote this mass market?
I said, "You know? I was me? And we began to discovery.
People started to come out. They were all individual.
I was the one that had written those colleagues.
They came up with the position of the property properties, the applications.
And I certainly know how -- the room was full of people. All of us because we talked about robots, because we talked about poverty.
With the eye of the eye I was going to see the understanding that I was and came on.
And I looked at the window and I was going to hear all of that.
So I kept walking up for here and for there.
First of all, this old black card, I went into the room and sat behind me, almost in the table of the drugs.
So about 10 minutes later, the guy was able to take a recent.
And during the front of a sound of the anyone is shown because the conditions had been in the room.
The environment was used about the old black old
And he said, "What do you do in the slide room.
And the old black was put out of foot -- I looked at the article, and he looked at me and he said, "I'm going to this room to tell this young man to tell this young view in the grandmother with free?
I have come to TED because I think many of you understand that the moral area of the universe is very large -- but it gets up to the system.
We can't really be really humans evolved if we don't care about human rights and discovery.
That our surface is lived to each other.
That our view of technology, design and creative and creative and creativity have to get up to the factors, compassion and completely.
And by the top of all, to those of the projects that share this, I just want to tell you that they keep the view in the grandmother with free.
Thank you very much.
Chris Anderson: You can just hear and see an enormous desire of the audience -- of this community, to help in your prices, to do something.
Something that is not a character. What can we do?
BF: There are various opportunity opportunities there.
If you live in the state of Carolina, for example, there will be a representation in which you will make a effort to reduce the food that they spend today in the field of career.
For example, here in California. They are going to spend a billion dollars in the age of death -- in the next five years.
And despite this -- 40 percent of the cases are not going to be able to get up in artists.
The percent.
Here's an opportunity of change.
This means is going to show you that they do these jobs to make the law.
I think there is a very short opportunity.
CA: There have been a huge challenge in the crisis in the United States, in the last three decades.
So part of the explain -- you say it has to do with the biggest rate of release.
What would you tell the ones that you think is that?
BF: In fact, the rate rate of violence has ever been very much straightforward.
The big growth in this country is not for the context of violence with violence with violence.
It is by the wrong war against the drugs here.
That's why it comes up with this democratic increase in the corruption population.
And we were going to be able to convince it by the record of the college.
We have three legal causes to take people to the perfect chain, and to reduce a bill, for small conditions against the process, instead of making those resources to their lives.
I think we have to do more to help the speed of the crimes and not less.
It seems to me that our favorite photograph on the face doesn't do anything for anything.
I think that is the artist that has to change.
CA: Brown, you have been excited about today.
You're very inspired here.
Thank you very much for having come to TED. Thank you.
Audience: They grow the authors by the death of Bill Lines.
Let's take two, Harry in Salama. Labil 3: The policy property goes up.
And I read four percentages -- Chinese speeds.
It takes six social decisions, social Department.
Let's live the side of the Taliban. Len Z: Carrier.
A lot of tasks: War to the New methods -- Marine.
Remember. Basically. Just end up. Everything. Sheep.
Canaline. Move.
Oh, my God.
Part Daniel: These are just some of the colleagues that I got in the last six months. They could be able to be the last six days or the last six years.
The idea is that the media media will be able to be able to be able to make new news because our minds put them attention.
And that respond to a very good right.
In every second of every day our sense is getting much more data than probably the brain can protect it.
And as nothing is more than sure, the first part of all of those data is an old freedom of the technology called a seat of the temperature called a seat.
And the adult is our language device, the death detail.
And I went up and reduce all the information looking for something in the environment that could be able to make a day.
So from a story of stories we would want to look at neuroscience.
And that old people will get out of the question: "If there is surface, it's very true.
And because all of the digital devices would give us new negative news.
It doesn't surprise that people think that the world is going to go out of the worst thing.
But maybe it's not like that.
Maybe in change, what really happens is that we get distributions.
Maybe the huge program is done in the last century for a series of forces is getting up in a way that we have the potential to create a world in the next three decades.
I'm not saying that we don't have our good problems -- climate change, the climate change -- the scale of water and energy.
As human beings we are very good to open the problems and at the long time, we just heard with them.
So let's do that in the last century to see where we go.
In the last hundred years, the average of life has more than discovering, the average increase per longer controlled by the influence has been transformed around the world.
The marine moral has done 10 times.
And also, the cost of the food of food and the electronics and the communication and the communication has been about 10 to 100 times.
Steve Picture showed us that we're living the most popular time in the history of humanity history.
And Charles Ken that the global audience happened from 25 percent to over 80 percent in the last 150 years.
We're really living a little bit of an extraordinary time.
A lot of people forget it.
And we continue to be able to be able to be able to make more high expensive.
In fact, we reduce the meaning of poverty.
Think today in the United States, a lot of the people who live under the poverty line have electricity water, water, banks, trade, military, military, molecules, and cars and car.
The back markets of the end of the last century, the elections of the planet.
It is a lot of this is the technology, and finally, your economic growth growth.
So my good friend San Korea showed that any tool that comes on in the technology of the information in this culture -- the Law of Monolography, and determines the presence of the price in about 12 to 24 months.
This is why the molecule that you have in the molecule is a million times a million times faster and a thousand times faster than a supermarket of the 1990s.
Now look at this care.
This is Monteris for the last hundred years.
I want you to look at two things in this culture.
First of all, it turns out that it is -- in good and bad time, in the war and in the peace -- in definition and attack.
It's the result of real computer computers used to build more quickly.
It does not get any of the big challenges in the world.
And even though it's graduated in a law on the left, it goes up with the country.
The rate of technology is in it is more and more quickly.
And in this course of the Language Law, there are a series of extremely powerful technologies that we know today.
The computer in the cloud -- that my friends of Artisch called an infinite computer and services and networks -- the religion, the 3D printing and their ability to reduce and the ability to democracy and the ability to reduce people in the whole planet, the visual biology and the food, the diagrams and the Florida, the diagrams and the Florida, the diagrams and the Florida, the diagrams and the
I mean, how many saw the vision in Jesse of Kansas, of Michael."
It was particular.
I was looking at the best team that I would have.
And I love this, "Well "Charter to human people?
July is not a easy game.
It goes up with human language.
Imagine this artificial intelligence in the car, available for everyone in the mobile level.
four years ago, here at TED, Richard World and I, we took a new college called Stanford University.
So we teach these technologies to our sides, and in particular, how you can use to solve the big challenges of humanity to solve the large challenges of humanity to solve the big challenges of humanity to solve the big challenges of humanity to solve the big challenges of humanity to solve the big challenges of humanity to solve the big challenges of humanity to solve the big challenges of
And every year we asked them to take a company, or a product or service -- which can affect the lives of a billion people in a decade in a decade in a decade in a decade in a decade in a decade of a decade of a decade of a decade of a decade of a decade of a decade of a decade of a decade of a decade
Think about that, the fact that a group of students today can impact the life of a billion people.
30 years ago, it would have been able to be able to be adding.
We can be able to be able to be a company of companies that have done it.
When I think about creating adults, it doesn't mean to create a local life for each side of the planet. It's about creating a life of the possible.
It's about taking that that is standard and turn it out.
You see, the stage is control and technology is a force that takes resources.
I'll give you an example.
This is a story of Steven Milie in the 19th members.
He's the guy on the left.
I was going to take the sea of Sim.
The Arab prisons started with plants and the same.
But the Sand sun, I started with collective colleagues.
You see, the clothes was the most valuable market of the planet -- it goes more than the hear and the plant.
So this is why it was the point of the Montana to Walter is a limitation.
You see, even though the close is 36 percent of the middle of the Earth, it doesn't come to be a bit of it.
It's limited by the oxygen and scales.
But then he came up with the electricity and he did the sleep something so hard that we use it as if it was definitely destroying.
We are going to think about the future.
So let's think about the energy.
ladies and gentlemen, we are in a planet.
They come to the Earth.
It is not about school, but it's activated.
And there's good news.
This year, for the first time, the cost of solar energy in India is 50 less than the operation of the degree for the degree, 18 times a 18-year-old vision.
The cost of solar energy costs 50 last year.
The last month, the MIT published a study that shows that at the end of the decade in the United States of the United States.
And if we have the energy of energy also we have a water.
Let's talk about the war for water.
They remember when Charles Sarah came up with the Spanish space of the Earth in the Earth.
I took a famous picture. How is it called a famous picture.
A planet point play?
Because we live in a water.
We live in a planet on a 70 percent per water.
Yes, 99 percent is water water, the two percent is ice -- and we put through the water of the water of the planet, but there's also a hope.
It's a technology available not in 10 or 20 years, but right now.
It comes the technology, the nations.
In a conversation with Daniel Kanny this morning, one of the innovation of the article, I would like to share with you, he gave me a little bit to do it, his technology called Solar maybe -- you know, it is the size of a small record.
It's able to generate a thousand light water water.
The Congo price was just going to be able to make an important test of hundreds of hundreds of these communities in the developing world.
If that goes well, and I have a sense of trust that it would be going to be going to be.
This is a powerful innovation for this technology that today.
And we've seen it in the molecules and we've seen it.
My God, we're going to get to 80 percent of the molecules in the developing world in the end of the end of 2010, in order to end in the end of 2010.
Think about it, that wonderful war has better mobile communities in the middle of the Kenya than the pressure record 25 years ago.
And to tell with a smart cell with Google -- it has access to more knowledge and information than the President College 15 years ago.
It lives in a world of information of information and communities that no one could have ever been able to have been previously.
So better than that, the things that you and I have been paid and hundreds of thousands of dollars -- EDI -- Vick Vivia, images of books.
Maybe the best thing is going to get out when you sound out the health.
The last month I had the plant to deal with the Forest All of a something called the Prince Bang Bangladesh Travel, from 10 million dollars.
We are developing the team of the world so that they can change these technologies in a mobile device with which they talk about, and because it has HIV -- you can be able to be able to get out of the street.
In order to win it has to make better data than a criminal medical team.
Imagine this device in the middle of the developing world in which there are no doctors -- where the molecule carbon is about 25 and there are 1,000 percent of the health.
And when this device has been a vision of DNA or DNA that doesn't recognize -- called the health of health and in first of all, to figure out that it was going to happen.
But this is the biggest force to produce a world of adaptation.
I call it a thousand dollars a day.
The white lines here are the population here.
We're just going to spend the market of seven billion dollars.
By the way, the best project against the democracy is to give the world of education.
In 2010, we had less than two billion people on the line.
By 2010, it will go from two billion dollars to five billion uses of the Internet.
Three billion minds never before you go to global conversation.
What do these people want to do this?
What are you going to do that? What do you want to do that?
And instead of a economic choice we will have the biggest example of history.
These people represent tens of millions of dollars.
And they will get out of more health because of the Treatment, in a better education with the Arab Kan and because of the use of the protection in 3D and the computer to be more productive than never before.
What can you be able to bring up three million members of humans, health health and products?
How about a few times never before you go?
So what if we give them the options, where they are, a voice to be heard and can be able to act for the first time.
What would you take these three million?
And if you are conditions that we can not predict it?
So something that I learned with the X-ray Prince is that small teams -- they were going through their passion with a clear goal -- they can do extraordinary things -- things that they could only do the big conditions and governments could be able to make the big controls and governments and governments could be able to make the big controls and governments and governments could be able to
I'm going to end up by sharing a story that really makes me.
There's a program that maybe a few of you already know.
It's called Foundation.
And I went up in the University of Wall, in Seattle.
It's a game in which people can take a sense of adults and figure out the way that it will look like.
The paints will determine the structure and function.
It's a very important thing in medical research.
And so far, it was a problem of substances.
They have been playing with this college teachers between others.
Then hundreds of thousands of people came up and started to play it.
And it has been shown that today the most human patterns of human patterns is better by putting people than the best computer.
ladies and gentlemen, what gives me a huge trust in the future is that we have more power as people to take the big challenges in the planet.
We have the tools with this emotional technology.
We have the passion of the arm of the arm.
We have the capital of the technical.
And we have three million new minds that are going to be used to work in the solution of big challenge and do what we should do.
We have for a few extraordinary decades.
Thank you.
I'm going to talk about a very small idea.
The control of the particular point.
And as the idea can explain in a minute, before I'll give you three examples to do time.
The first story is about Charles David, one of my horses.
He was here, as you know, in 1877.
You may believe that it would make pictures, but it wasn't like that.
I actually remember fish here.
And I discovered one of them as a very complete computer."
It was the me.
And I found it a lot to the decade of 1870.
Now the fish is in the Red River of the USA.
But we've heard this story a lot of times, about Gallers and other places, so it doesn't have any special thing.
But the case is we still go to the German.
We still think that they're profound.
They still say that they are still interview.
So what happens here?
The second story, as well.
Because I was there in 19th studying a state in the Western Africa.
I was there because I grew up in Europe and then I wanted to work in Africa.
I thought I could get it in.
I got a lot with the sun and I was convinced that I wasn't there.
This is my first experience to the sun.
The sand was released from parents, and as you can see, from a few males.
There were a little bit of about about 20 degrees -- the biological black blood.
And the purpose of this scale was very excited and it was going through a good moment, so he was going over the middle in Ghana.
When I went there 24 years later the amount of fish had died to half a half of the fish.
They were going to be five percent.
They were going to have a genetic process.
There were still fish.
In a way, they were still happy.
And the fish were still happy to be there.
I mean, nothing to change, but everything has changed.
My third story is that I went into the intervention of the article of the article surface in the artists.
In the decade in the age of 100 -- well, I started in 1990, Europe made a lot of development projects that I do.
The developing development would make the countries that already had 100 food, will be able to make the industrial space.
And this battery, quite far, it's called the Four four.
I was going to stay on it, and we made studies in the South of the Mars of China Mars, and about everything in the Mark of Japan.
So what we were able to do was a kind of incredible.
We caused -- now I know, the bottom of the sea is.
The 90 percent of what we did were surrounded, other animals that are in the bottom of the way.
And most of the fish are manifestation threats about a few rest of them that are fish for the coral record.
You know, the bottom of the sea came to the colleague, and then it was adaptable.
These images are extraordinary because it is very fast.
In a year, you do a study and then it starts the commercial fish again.
The bottom is going to be a kind of collective colleague in this case, to be a solar.
So this is a dead transport.
They didn't eat them because they were dead.
Once we cut a living one.
I was still not.
So they wanted to kill it because it was a good food.
So this lot of rest is what you get in the fish every time you go to an area where they've never ever ever ever before.
But it doesn't have documentary.
We tried the world, but we don't remember it.
We put the part of the particular point at the new level, without remember what was there.
If we make this something like this.
In the eye, and we have good things -- biological, a lot of data, the rest of the country, the water of water.
And that changes with time. It changes because people do things with nature.
Every generation will use the images to the beginning of their life as a normal life and exploring it to it.
The difference is that they lose the question.
But they don't make the loss that happened before.
You can take the cost of change.
And at the end of it will keep a lot of the rest of it.
And that, in big measure we want to do now.
We want to keep things that are no longer -- or they're not what they are.
But one should be thinking that this problem affect people when social social societies will make animals without knowing what they've done to a few generation later.
Because obviously an animal which is very dead, before you get in, it is a little bit of fail.
You don't lose an open animals.
You lose an animal animals.
Even if this doesn't look like a big question.
And over time, we focus on the big animals, and in a man with a lot of a big fish of a big fish.
They become a little bit, because we put them.
With the time they have a few fish but we think that's the particular point.
And the question is, why do we take this?
Well, because we don't know it was different.
In fact, a lot of people, scientists that was very different.
And they will do it because the evidence in an entire way is not the way that they would expect the evidence to have the evidence of it.
So for example, the application that some of you think about it, as you can get a lot of fish in this area can't use or for the genome not to use the scientists of the parent, because it's not experience.
So we have a situation where people don't know the past.
This is the huge role that can be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to
Because with the marketing areas -- we really remember the past.
We remember the past that people can't be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be coming down, and it's just under it.
That's for the people that you can see a private area and they can benefit from the vision that makes it protecting the particular point of particular.
And what happens to the people who can't do it because they don't have access -- like people in the Middle Archie, for example.
I think there are the arts and the control may be able to take the value.
This is a similar thing in Chicago.
It was a long time ago, there had been a long time in the Bang of Chicago, 500 years ago.
And you would have noticed that the materials and the algorithms are like "Come from "amound?
And if you think about "Crazy, if you think why people would move with the film -- and I'm going to talk about the story of Paris, why would you move with the images?
Because it does something that, in some sense, it has been lost it.
So my recovery, the only one that will give you, is to the South "Story: do the water.
Thank you very much.
Hey. I am Kenya Alizabi, the green terrorist terrorists -- and I look at the video video in a professional way.
It's true.
So today we're going to see why the videos are made and what important is about it.
We all want to be stars: collections, streets, where I was more young -- that seemed very hard.
But today.
You can make it famous in the Internet.
They get more than 40 hours of video for minute.
And of that, just a little percentage is a lot of vision, it gets invisible from video and human modern.
How does that?
Three things -- you know, in terms of transportation, communities of passion and factory formation.
Well, let's start here.
Beau Sang: Oh, my God, my God, my God.
God.
Gandhi.
Good, gold."
KB: Last year, Bernerial Phase published this video financial video out of his house in the National Park Park.
In 2010, it was seen 24 million times.
This graph shows the conditions in the paradigm of the last summer of the last way.
Beauty is not going to be able to make a visual video.
I just wanted to share a back of a day bottom.
That's what you do if it's called Montana Monology Bond.
There was already a lot of lives of nature.
This video had been published in energy.
So what happened here?
It was called Kingdom.
James King was published this area that I would take the video to the particular.
The tools of terms like James King put us new and interesting things.
Red Bang:  You know, you're going to see -- you know, you have to start the view.     You all want to get the end of week -- the end of week.       You know, you don't think we could have this conversation without talking about this video --  KB: don't think we could have this conversation without talking about
"Look at Berlin Benguar is one of the most popular video of the year.
They saw it almost 200 million times this year.
This graph shows the expert of use.
As a "State bottom service -- this video seemed to have come out of the anything.
So what happened this day.
Well, it was true, it's true.
And if you ask for those other fishermen, they are too.
But what happened this day, this particular player of particular?
Well, I took it up, and a lot of whales started writing about it.
Michael Jone.
But the important thing is that one person or a group of tools are able to see a point of view and they share it with a more amazing public and the process.
And so this community of people who share this great interest control then start talking about that and do things.
And now there are 10,000 particles of "The "Little States in YouTube.
So just in the first seven days, there was a paradigm for each other days.
And at the way of the 20th century of the 20th century of the 20th century, this community is our way to be part of the phenomenon and doing something new with that.
"The Chinese is a religious animation with a magical music.
That's what it is.
This year saw it about 50 million times.
And if you think that's right, you know there is a version of three hours that have seen four million times.
And so far the cars saw this video.
And there are cars that saw other cars see the video.
But the important thing here is the creativity that I wish between the terrible community of the Internet.
There were records.
Somebody did a version to the old one.
And then it became international in it.
All of a sudden, it was a whole community community that made this happen to be a state to something that we all can form part of it.
Because today we don't just enjoy it, we pay on.
Who could have seen something like that?
Who could have prepared "The "Come "Tomorrow or Republican Bondon or "The "Come "Carry?
What would you have written to have written this situation?
In a world where you get two days of video for minutes, only that really unique and intervention can be able to focus out so that these things have done it.
When a friend told me that I had to see this great video of a guy who comes against the banks in New York City.
Carry Earth: I was taken by not control by the biology, but they often have adults that are going to be controlled by the biology.
KB: Thank you for the surface and his human, Canada Nearly had to see that five million would see and understand his idea.
So this approach is worth for all the new thing we do in creative way.
And all of this leads to a big question.
Beau Venus: What does this mean?
God.
KB: What does this mean?
The transportation conditions -- creative communities of patient -- which is completely interested -- they are a new kind of media -- from a new culture that we all have access and is the audience that makes the professional profile.
And as I said before, one of the most current colleagues in the world, San Benchor, started in YouTube.
They were not allowed to explore their ideas.
Now we are all a little bit of dead from our favorite culture.
These are not the care of the old media -- they are not the ones of the current media -- but they will define the understanding of the future.
Thank you.
This is not a story.
It's a replications that is still going on.
Let me tell you about some of the fish.
Imagine the first piece -- a man looking at the work of a whole life.
This is a poet, a dog, a man whose life had been used in the only idea of university and freedom of his country.
So imagine as the communities are going to go in the fact that their life had been totally in the virus.
The words, for so long friends -- now they did it.
It was in the signal.
He died by the story.
He's my grandmother.
I never met it.
But our lives.
I never allowed me to forget his story.
And my task was not to stop that it has been at the way, and my lesson was to learn that the story tried to get up, but we survive.
The next part of the substances is about a battery to the seat of the sea device on the sea.
My mother, Mars, was just 18 years old when his father died -- and a market control and two little young kids.
And for it, life had been done to a side -- the support of his family and a new life in Africa.
It was an amazing for her that I couldn't do it.
And then from a four years that I challenge the factory, a boat was brought up to the sea death of public back.
All of the adults knew the risks know.
The biggest fear was the particles, violence and death.
As most ancestors, my mother was taking a friend with me.
If we were able to take it up, first we took my sister and I, and then she and my battery.
My first resources are from that boat, the control of the motor, the protection of the motor, and it was going on in every single room, and the horizontal and value.
I don't remember the particles that came to several times, but they were excited with the value of men in our car, or the way they would die and could not be able to get for six hours.
But I do remember the lights of the primary plant in front of the cost of Mars, and the young man who collected and died -- I was going to find the journey was too much for him, and the first piece that I tried to do, given by the men of the platform.
No short had the same knowledge.
After three months in a field of resources, we get in Michael.
And the next piece of the supplies is about four women over three generations by getting a new way to a new together.
We were going to look at it in Francisco, a kind of kind of kind of key control whose population is full of immediate.
And at the distribution of the middle clothes, which is that there was a sense of the right.
The solutions that come from the rest of the world.
And the framework of English English was interested between the people who had one thing in common -- they were starting again.
My mother worked in faces, then in one line of cars -- working six days ago, it goes out.
Even like this, I found time to study English and get a term in the section of information.
We were poverty.
All of the dollars were dead, and it would make a strange street in English and mathematics -- no matter what you should be able to do, which is usually a new room -- it was always a second hand.
Two parts of media for school, one to put the holes of the other.
A school school to the stars, because I had to make six years.
And there were a lot of rates and dollars on the "States and some of the factors, "a car come back home.
At home, right?
So something in me is developed.
I was going to detect and a voice that said, "I'm going to support it.
My mother, my sister and I move on the same way.
My mother was excited every night, but we told us about our day and we heard the movement of our grandmother in the house.
My mother would be standing up, all of the back.
And my task was to be despite until his students will start to be able to get it out.
She opened a computer, and then he studied to be static and open another business.
And the women came with their stories about men who couldn't make the traffic and the entrepreneurs and increases and children are transformed between two world.
They were looking for surfaces and privates.
And they created centers.
I live in particular world.
In one, it was the climate state study with what it was depending from myself.
In the other, I was engaged in presentation lives.
But many of them would get help through the years.
And because of that work, when I study my last year of advantage, I got a young year of the year.
And I went out of a piece of a piece to the other, but their bees didn't come out.
And so he was so sent by Francisco, and it was now at all.
I don't know the proteins.
I didn't know how to use the colleagues.
I didn't know how to talk about me.
I didn't know how to talk about anything.
I wanted to go back to the arms and the control of life in a subject of a sentence -- a mouth, a mother and two children will end up the day as they did for almost 20 years, to tell about the day of every single way.
And I said to my mom who couldn't do it.
I remember that I had the same age that she had when it was when we go into the back.
The note had been a chance.
"He said, "What are you not going to be what you don't go?
So I talked about self-confident and education.
And the more I talked to you about the more I talked to you a lot more to talk about.
And I met people from all of our life, many of them doing what they love, living in the front of the possible.
And even though I ended up my light, I realized that I couldn't be able to stay on a cardiovascular career.
There had to be another piece of the surfaces.
And I gave me at the same time that is well going to be a discovery, a recent record, and not just in the stage -- and not only it's good, but it's something that will be thank you so much of the back.
Because it can be in the way it can be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to make the surface of your property.
And I gave the enough stories out of my control area to know that, I know, that the world gets up, but not the way we do.
They were not allowed to be allowed to be a really exciting thing.
There was a energy there, a complete optimism, a market market of human and value.
So I went up with my research.
Just a little group of people who have been able to be able to do it was a straight challenge.
For a year we didn't have a control.
At the end of every day, I did a kind of grandmother of blood that we all share it.
We worked up to the night.
Most of our ideas were crazy -- but some brains, and we gave us step together.
I took the decision to move the U.S.
After a single journey of it.
My care again.
Three months later I had moved up, and the apple goes on.
Before I ended up, let me tell you about my battery.
She grew up in a time where the Congo was the social normal and the local Mandela was the person who matter.
The life had not changed for century.
His father died little after she was born up.
The mother did it alone.
And at the age of the 17 became a control of a Mandela whose mother the shark.
No support of his market, you can take a record to give it and take the cause and a lot more controlled when they go on.
You can't do it to be straight.
I was on the story in the fourth of a man in September when she died -- to one 100 miles in Michael.
I looked through the market of the diamond and I saw it on the other side.
I knew that I had been going to decide it.
My mother called minutes later.
And days later, we went to a bad team in France and we sat around her air.
We tell them stories and we would make sure we were still with it.
On the night a man came up and told us that I had to close the air.
My mother asked us to feel his hand.
I asked the mountain, "Why do his hand is heavily, and the rest of the body so free?
Because you have taken your hand from the morning, he said.
"I have not succeeded it.
If there is a nervous in our family, that box through women.
And given who we were and how life would go on, we can now see that men who would have come to our lives would have been founded.
The death would have been used to be excited.
Now I want to have my own kids, and I asked me about the back.
Who could do that for it?
And yet, I take the beginning of the easy.
I can give you a test in their lives, and it would be worth in every single single single single single single day, the short control of the motor, the hostile view that doesn't make anything else.
I don't know.
But if I could give you and look at it, I would do it.
There was New Neanderthals, and also the mother of so here is here today in the fourth or the film to the film.
My story starts in Rome about two years ago.
I was in the destroy, and I was under the wrong sky.
We were going to think about how nothing has changed from the time of the old survey of the old survey "The Mars.
In those days when the individuals we wanted to travel to a car and we knew the sky.
Now we do it with advantages.
And at that time when I got up, the big private war was -- I was born -- I was going to be a car and with a street to the ground -- I got water.
Now we do the same thing with tables and machines now.
The concept that we knew was that the material had been responsible to the music.
And that makes me a lot.
Every time I felt a little bit more term.
And I was given this idea of losing the ability to enjoy the ability to enjoy and I would take a record if I didn't have the camera if I couldn't take my friends.
It seemed to me that the technology had to allow the music, not to kill it.
And I was a little girl to me to get me up with his grandmother player player.
And this piece of 50 years was for me to be for my most mathematical thing.
It became a door down to a world full of images and paradigms and narratives in my image.
I had the sense of the metals -- the classroom clothes and the cameras are going to make that we are.
They were going to be our inspired one.
And so I came up with this technology to see this technology to see how to use it to create magic, instead of doing it.
And I was looking at books.
And so when I saw the iPhone saw a narrative device able to connect the lessons of the world.
You can know how we take the book.
Where are we are.
It will take the text with the picture, animal, the sound and the tank.
The nature becomes more and more marketing.
But why does that look like?
I'm about to be able to get Kenya, an international device for imagination.
He says, "You know your feet about every light?
And so --  -- he says, "This box is started -- I wrote my name.
And so I became a character of the book.
In several times I got a car -- the impossible knows where I live to the GPS -- that comes to me.
My girl in the bottom was excited with all of these possible.
I've talked a lot of magic here.
And I don't mean males and drugs, but at that hand, to those ideas that we work from children.
For some reason, the schools in a French always was all adapted.
So over here, we have to increase the impossible to feed the leaders.
And really, they take your way in what it rest of the book.
Another idea that I was made of a child was that a whole girl was a galaxy in a ball.
And so here, every book and every world will be transformed in a ball that I was going up to this magic device inside the space.
And this is a map of it.
And in all free book there have always been maps but have been statistically statistically.
This is a map that grows up, forced and I went through the rest of the book.
In certain points of the book as well.
Now I'm going to go in.
Another thing that is really important for me is to create an Indian control and at the time.
These are the passwords.
We all have heard of the hands and the individuals but how many people outside India you know their industrial controls, the waves?
These poor people have been used in the cameras of India for thousands of people, in a old and a low book.
That's why we're trying to go back in a very short story.
In a story that is a story like the environmental crisis.
And talking about the environmental crisis -- one of the problems of the last 10 years has been that children have been coming up, particularly to their Peneling, have not heard the outside world.
But now with mobile technology we can take our children to the natural world with their technology.
One of the interventions of the book is this approach in which you have to go into the outside and take the camera or the iPhone, and I will take images of different natural objects of different natural objects.
I had a lot of colleagues: I had a lot of colleagues: particles, landscapes and contents.
For some reason, children don't do it.
So in order to pick up this rest of the infrastructure you have to go out and in a capital, you will take a picture to a flower and then to take it.
In the other case, you have to take a picture of a piece of control, and then it will take it out.
And this is what a digital choice looks like is that then you can put it in the Web.
A child of London put a picture of a surface and says, "Oh, I saw a surgery?
A child in India says, today?
And you create this kind of social network in the course of a digital pictures that have been taken on.
inside the variety of connection between music, the Earth and technology are a lot of possible.
And in the next book we can have an interaction where you go with the impossible and the video and the video and the fact that it actually looks at a group of advantage of anti-stars that come on on the bottom of the home.
So at a moment the screen is full of the landscapes.
And you have to do the sound of the wind and they will be able to read the rest of the book.
We're going to a world where the forces of nature are focused with technology and the magic and the technology is going on to each other.
We took the energy of the sun.
We are going to our children and ourselves to the natural world and to that magic and the marketing and love that we sit through a simple story.
Thank you.
I want to talk to you about why a lot of people are going on.
And I think, really, that the most important thing about that is we let the patients.
And one of the things we did in the National University was to get to a direction of the listen to it.
And not in a very scientific way, she was just a little piece of care or I asked patients.
"How can we help it?
And we have to think that this is one of the biggest problems for what you all, or maybe not all, but most of the serious health projects -- because we stop listening to it.
This is my Boston Boother. It's very simple.
It has a little bit of developed and put it up.
All of the morning, I came up.
And yes, I have a challenge as you can see.
And I put the challenge to get back to 75 Kanaga.
But it's so simple -- that every time I think, I went to my information to Google History.
And my medical doctor has access to him as well. And so he can see what my weight problem is, not at the same time that you need to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to look at it.
But there's another thing.
As a few of you know, I have more than four seconds in Twitter in Twitter there.
So every morning I connected to my Boston Wilder and before I went back to my car -- people start to talk about, Legos, today, I think you need a full leader.
That's the best thing that can happen -- because it is the pressure of the patterns used to help the patients -- because it could be used for the option, and also so that the patients let the patients stop out of forest.
On the other hand, it can be able to move to people in their chair and together to develop some religious activity to have more control of their health.
From the next week it would be available by the next week.
This little bank connected to an image or another device.
And people may be able to be able to take their own critical pressure to send it to their medical and share it with each other, for example, for 100 dollars.
This is the point where the patients are going to be able to be able to reduce the control and to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be
It will make techniques that are simple to use and start with this to avoid patients in the team.
And you can do it with techniques like this, but also by control.
And one of the things we did like to share with you with a video video with you.
We all have a relationship control in the car.
Maybe we even have them.
We know exactly where the cars are.
And also where all the patterns are.
And of course, we can find real food.
But where is the most close DNA to help this patient.
We ask but no one.
No one knew where the DNA is going to make lives in this moment.
And what we did was to make control in the United States.
We created a website -- and we asked them to the audience -- you see a DNA, for the end of the film, and then when it is open in, because you can sometimes open up in hours of office and others are carried.
And more than 10,000 DNA already became the United countries.
The next step was to look for the support for that.
And we did a application for the iPhone.
We created a application for Leonardo, really, to find these DNA.
And every time you are in the city of Mars and somebody else, you can use their image, and the next weeks will use their cell cell to find the most close college, which can save lives.
And from today, I want to introduce this, not just like DNA -- which is the name of the product but also like Deney?
And we want to start in the global level.
We are building all the colleagues in the world, in other individuals to help us find and work and act as a center for the control of DNA around the world.
Every time you are from values and somebody else can be a patient or someone front of you, you can find it.
I also want to invest companies around the world that could help us make these DNA distributions.
They could be a message of message or people, for example, to see if the DNA is still in their place.
Please get in this and not just improve the health, but take the control of it.
Thank you very much.
I'm here to share a photograph for me.
Or is it photographer?
Because of course, they are pictures that you can't take with their cameras.
So my interest for the photograph was made with my first digital camera at 15 years.
And he kept with my particular passion on the day, but it was a little bit different because when I use the camera the process was in the planet.
And when you take a photograph with a camera the process the process is going on when you get the passion.
And for me the photograph had more to do with being in the right place at the right time.
It seemed like anyone could do it.
And so I wanted to create something different -- a process that will start to start the passion.
pictures like this: a building in a very traditional way.
But it has a straight one.
And despite it, it keeps a level of reality.
Or pictures like this -- dark and colleagues at the same time, but with the common goal to keep the full level of record.
And when I say that I say profiles.
Because of course, it's not something that can capture but I always want it to have been able to have been able to be able to be able to be able to have been able to be able to have been able to be able to have been able to be able to have been able to have been able to have been able to have been able to be
First of you who will have to think about a moment to discover the universe.
It has more to make an idea that with a moment.
But what is the trick that makes them seem to look like?
They're the discoveries or colors?
I tried the light.
What do you create the analogy?
Sometimes it's the perspective.
But in the end it is about our way to interact the world and how you can pay in a biological surface of a biological surface.
It's actually not really about if it is real but what we think is a reality.
And so I think the forces are very simple.
I see it as a representation of the reality that we take different pieces of reality and we put them to create a natural reality.
I'll show you a simple example.
Here are three perfect objects -- something that we all can relationship with the traditional world.
But they can be able to create something that still looks like transportation, as if there is.
But at the same time, we know it doesn't exist.
So let's go back to the brain because the brain doesn't hear the fact that it really doesn't have sense.
And I see the same process to change the pictures here.
It is really going to make different reality.
And the things that make a picture like a picture that I think are those where we don't even think of the things that are going to take us in our everyday life.
But by changing pictures is very important to do it, because in another way something will look wrong.
And so I would like to say that there are three simple rules that will continue to make the real results.
As you can see, these images are not very special here.
But they can create something like this.
So the first rule is that the combination of pictures must have the same perspective.
Second, the computer pictures have to have the same kind of light.
And these two images come with these resources, they were taken to the same alternative and with the same kind of light.
The third point is to be able to do the beginning and the end of the different images with a perfect context.
It has to be impossible to see where the picture.
This is another example.
I could think that this is the image of a pattern and the bottom part is magic.
But this image is completely complicated by pictures of different places.
In the person I think it's easier to create a place to find it because you don't need to put the ideas that has in the head.
But it requires a lot of plants.
And as I thought about this idea in invest knew that I had a number of months to put it up, to find the different chances for the pieces of the streams.
For example, the fish was taken in a journey of pursuit.
The cost is from a different.
The survival part was taken in a piece of paradigm.
And yes, I even made the house in the top of the island so that it seemed more surface.
And so to make a real result I think it makes a particular thing.
It always starts with a control, an idea.
And then you have to change the different pictures here.
And here every piece is very well.
If you make a good job when you take the pictures that the result can be very beautiful and at the time.
All of the tools are there and the only line is our imagination of it.
Thank you.
Let me start by showing you a slide about technology, very straight.
Please can put it up.
It's a diagram that I took out of a care of me.
I'm not interested to show you so much to show you the details but the general thing.
It's about a adult that we were doing about the potential of the Richard microbes -- you see the potential of the local area of local area.
The interesting thing about this is that this, like a lot of others that we can see is a kind of right line in the local scale.
In other words, every step of here represents a market of marketing in the scale of recently.
I'm going to talk about technology.
This is something strange here.
And that's what I'm going to talk about.
Please make the lights up.
I would need more identity because I write about paper.
Why do we make technologies in scale scales?
The answer is that if you give them in a normal culture in which we say, these are the years, or some of the time of time, and this would be any measure of the technology that I'd like to do, the diagram is going to see something right.
It would be something like this.
It doesn't say a lot.
But if you know, for example, some other technology, as the transport, in a similar culture would be very together, we would see a real line of it.
But if something like this, it gives a corruption change.
If the technology technology will go as fast as the microbes -- we could be able to take a table and being in Talk about 30 seconds.
But it doesn't go back to that room.
There are no pressure in the history of the technology of the technological growth that every few years you have to be able to get out of marketing.
And the question I want to plan is -- looking at these physical costs -- we see they don't get out there.
It's not possible to support this change as fast as it goes on.
One of two things.
Or it's going to turn up in a course -- I know like this until it sounds something completely different, or maybe do something like this.
That's all you can happen.
I'm absolutely abstract, so I think maybe something like this.
So we will now be in the middle of a transformation.
In this line we are in a transition of what it used to be the world, at a new way.
So what I try to ask you, and ask you, is: what is that new way that you hear the world?
So what new state does the world?
The transition seems very, very expensive if we are invited in it.
I remember the future was going on in the year 2,000 and people used to talk about what happens in the year.
This is a trust where people talk about the future and we see that the future is still the year 2,000 year.
That's all we see.
In other words, the future has gone up, year after year, at my life.
But I think that we feel that something is going on.
It's going to be a transformation -- we can feel it.
And we know that it doesn't have a lot of sense to think about 30 or 50 years because everything will be so different that what we're doing today has no sense.
So I want to talk to you about how it might be, how it could be that transition we experiment.
But to do that, you will have to talk a little bit of things that don't have a lot to do with technology and information.
Because I think the only way to understand it is to take sense and look at the long things.
The scale of time I would like to do it is the time of life on Earth.
I think this picture has sense if we look at each billion years.
So we got a few million years of years when Earth was a big red red with many chemicals that were going around around it.
If you look at the way that they are organized by those chemicals we give us a idea of how things happened.
And I think there are theory to start to understand the origin with the DNA -- I'm going to tell you a simple version of this and is that, at that time, I had found a few of a set of chance with all kinds of chemical resources.
So some of those grandmothers have been able to have a particular combination of chemicals that were made by the materials of the outside and so forth.
And they started to do it.
In a sense, those were the most private forms -- those grandmothers of access.
But those galaxies were not living in the current sense, because every one of them has a kind of chemical area of chemical record.
And every time they were designed by a significant distribution of the chemicals that you know.
So every guy was a little bit different.
In fact, the cars that in some way.
They probably live more time, they were more responsible.
It was a way of life, life life, very simple life, but things got interesting when these galaxies learned the structure of the adult.
In some way we don't understand very well these galaxies learned to save information.
They learned to support information, which was the head of the cell -- in a special chemical called DNA.
In other words, they were involved in this evolution without sense -- a writing system that allowed them to figure out what they were so that they were so that they were going to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to
The amazing thing is that that writing system seems to have been used since that evolved 2,000 million years ago.
Our record, our genes have exactly the same code -- that same system.
In fact, every one will be living with exactly the same set of letters and the same code of it.
And one of the things I did just for fun -- now we can write things with this code with this.
So here I have 100 percent of the white plant that I try to cut to the security people of the article.
But I got -- I took this code -- the code has the streets that we are used to use in this -- and I wrote my personal data in this DNA from the DNA and the approach 10 to 12 times.
So if someone wants 100 million tons of my personal advantage I have a lot for all of the present -- in fact, for every person in the world and it's here.
If it was a supermarket I would have put it into a virus and I would have happened for the room.
So what was the next step?
He wrote DNA was an interesting step there.
This made these cells were happy to be a billion years.
But then it happened another big step in which things were getting very different and it was that these cells started to interact and communicate information in the way of cells.
I don't know if you know, but the bacteria can interact DNA.
And so for example, for example, evolution to the antibiotics.
Some bacteria found the way to avoid the personality and they gave them to create their little DNA with other bacteria and now there are a lot of responsibility to the personality because the bacteria are community.
This communication gave place that they would form communities that, in a way, they were together in the way, and they had a relationship.
And so they were going to be able to be able to go up or force together, or is that if a community was very successful all the individuals of that community they were getting more and they were made by the evolution of education.
And the point of engineering happened when these communities came up with so much that in fact, they came up and decided to write all the rest of the community together in a DNA.
The next thing that was interesting for life took other billion years.
And in that stage we have multiple communities -- communities of many different cells working together as a single organization alone.
In fact, we are a multiple community.
We have a lot of cells that are already not going to act alone.
The skin cell is not going to be the heart of the heart, or the music -- or the brain, and so on.
So these communities evolved and they put up more interesting levels than the cell -- something we call an organization we call an organization there.
The next level happened within these community.
They started to open information.
And to build very special structures that were not going to do more than process in community.
They are the natural structure.
The neurons are the applications that protect the information that those cell communities built together.
In fact, they started to spread inside the community being the responsible structures of record, understanding and transform the information.
Those were the brains and the nervous system of those community.
And that gave you an evolutionary state.
Because at that time as an individual -- the learning was connected to the death of an organization and not the period of evolutionary time.
So an organization could be able to learn not to eat a certain force because I knew bad and the last time the fish.
That could happen for the life of an organization because they had built these research structures of information that the evolution would have learned for hundreds of thousands of years by the death of individuals who were eating that Africa that they eat that force that they started to eat that Africa.
And so the fact that the nervous system is building these new information structures that are going to be able to hear the evolutionary process.
Because the evolution could now happen to an individual to an individual now.
It could happen in time to learn to learn here.
But then, of course, the individuals discovered the structure of community.
So for example, the most decided version we know is human language.
If we think about it, it's an amazing invention in it.
I have a very complicated idea of an idea in the head.
I'm here sitting here with a lot of gravity, and with the way, building a similar idea, it goes up and confidence, in their head that was going to be able to be able to do with me.
But we take something very complicated we put it into sound in sounds of sound -- and we produce something very complicated in another brain.
And that allows us to start to work like an organization of it.
In fact, as a humans, we have started to make advances.
We are now going through the similar organisms to the music organisms -- we look at our face of the record, and the process of information.
For example, the invention of language.
The technique, the consequence, the context, the CAPS, etc.
And that brings us in something much bigger and faster to evolved more than we did before.
Now the evolution can happen in sexuality.
You see the evolution of the evolution of the evolution that makes a certain evolution with the Congress program.
And now we've put the scale of time again.
The first stage of the story that I told you took a billion years old.
The next stars, the nervous system and the brain, took a few billion years.
The next one, the language.
And the next one, as the electricity seems to take just a few decades.
The process is adapted -- I guess that alternative is the right word to name something that makes their own change.
The more change, the faster it does it.
And I think that's what we look at in this experience of care.
We see that the process is recorded.
But I have a life to design computers and I know that the mechanisms that I work to try to do that they would not be possible without the recent consequences of the recent consequences.
But now design objects of the complexity that would be impossible for me to do it in the way that we do it.
I don't know that it makes every deal in that machine.
There are thousands of million.
Instead of that, with the designers of Thomas Malthon, we think about a little level of addiction, we put it into the machine and the machine with that does something that you couldn't be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be a lot more far and faster than never before.
In fact, sometimes it doesn't even understand that we don't even understand good.
A particularly interesting method that I've been using literally is the same.
We put inside the machine an evolutionary process.
And for example, in the most extreme cases, we can evolved a program from an open sequence of institutions of institutions of it.
And we said, "Please can be able to get a hundred million pounds of institutions to addict?
You could pick up these services of institutions in the love -- pick up all of those programs -- and take those people who want to do?
In other words, I mean what I want.
Let's say that I want to understand numbers to put a simple example.
So we found the programs that are more going to be able to understand numbers.
Of course, it is a little bit likely that a little bit of interventional services of institutions -- they get numbers -- so none of them.
But one, by the way, I was able to make two numbers in the right.
And I said, computer, you could take 10 percent of those adults that better did the train?
We're going to take those and let's take the rest of the rest of the rest of the rest of it.
And now we make the ones that better understand the numbers.
And we're going to put them back to make it a professional process process to sex.
Let's take two programs -- which will take children -- which is going to be survived, and the children will be able to have the properties of both programs of both program.
So we got a new generation of programs of programs of programs that had a little bit more success.
And we said, please do the process of the process.
It takes again.
And I tried to make some materials.
And I tried to take it back to another generation with another generation to it.
Well, every generation takes a few million.
So I can do the equivalent for millions of years of evolution in a few minutes, or in the complicated cases, in a few hours.
In the end, we ended up with programs that are going to be able to be absolutely perfect in a perfect way.
In fact, they're much more efficient programs than I could have written in hand.
If I look at those programs I can't say how they work.
I've tried to get them to see how they work.
These are dark programs -- strange program.
But they come up with the food.
In fact, I know, I have the security that you get the goal because they come from a hundreds of hundreds of hundreds of thousands of programs that did it.
In fact, their lives.
And once I was in a 18-year-old with Mars Minister and he took a surgery and he says, "I looked at this.
He says, "This plane has hundreds of thousands of pieces that work together to make a survival for a service -- don't make you feel transportation?
We know that the engineering processes don't work very well when they get complexity.
And so we started to depend out of the computers to make different design process.
And that allows us to produce a lot more complex things than the normal influence.
However, we don't understand about all the choices that there is.
In that sense, it goes from us.
Now we use those programs to make computers much faster and so that we can take these programs much more quickly.
Or it is, it goes back.
The thing is going to go faster and that's why I think it looks like that.
Because all of these technologies will get up.
We are defined.
And we are at a moment at the time of the mobile organisms when they became multiple.
We are the love and we can't understand what we are doing.
We're in the point of engineering.
But I think something comes behind us.
I think it would be very proud of our part to think that we are the end of the evolution of evolution of education.
And I think all of us are part of the creation of what it will come from.
But now it comes out and I think I'm going to stop here before I get up.
I think we have to do something with a part of the medical culture that has to change.
And I think this starts with a doctor, and that's me.
And I've got the enough time to allow me to be able to make a part of my factory in that.
Before I treat the issue of my talk, let's talk a little bit of biology.
Why isn't it?
We are close to the end of the end of the World Service.
We love the biology, right?
The biology is full of amazing solutions.
There are hundreds of statistics.
It's going to be able to save the robots and I talk about the statistics and use it to form a great team of biology.
I'm going to focus on one of them and I hope many of you.
This is called a back of back.
And we talk about 300 percent of a bank that is based.
And that means that the basic bank because it's about 10 times.
That means that it means to take the play to the game of game without being adapted, and that anyone who is trying to bring it to the first base -- it doesn't get time, and the second basis will be saved.
There are three trials of 10, one.
You know how they call a 300 in the Great Lines?
Well, really well, maybe the team of the stars of stars ...
You know how they call a billion billion billions?
By the way, that is someone who was about 10 degrees -- it was about four.
Let's go back -- like the Latin State Landeller, the last place of the Last majority of Liberia in order to get more than 400 degrees in a region of region.
Now let's take this to my world of medicine where I feel much more comfortable or maybe less increase, after what I will tell you today.
And they need to be addressed and they are determined to a surgeon that has a search of 400 percent of them.
So it doesn't work, right?
Now they come up with a small place and one would be wanted to have two articles and their family doctor and their family.
But you know what?
And she is better.
And their body have been 18.
This is not work.
But I will ask you.
What do you think that you should be the average of a care of a care or construction or a control or a self-experience or a solar operation?
You know, very good.
And the truth of the point is that no one in the whole medicine knows the bottles of a good surgery or a doctor or discovery.
What we do, though, is to send them to the world, and I was like, with the shape of being perfect people.
And I never have to get a freedom and I think how to figure out how to do it well.
And that was the message that I used when I was in the medicine.
And I was a computer study study by it.
Once a school in the high school said that Big Google was studied until a subject of surface.
And so you have to take it out.
I study in my little designer, in the resource of the Holiday hospital of Allian Hollywood, not far from here.
And I learned all of them.
And of my kind of analyze, I measure the original and the music work, the speed of every art that comes out of the air -- the different difference of the recently and not working.
And I even know the difference of how to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to make the relative statement.
And as so much more and more knowledge.
And I was very good. I got a lot of honest.
And I came from the medical school with the impact that if you were to look at it, then I would know everything or the most possible.
And it worked for a time, until I met the Darwin Sentime.
I was responsible in a college hospital here, in Taliban when they went to the Deada Deaday to the service service where I was working on.
At the time I was able to get to the service of cartoon.
And when you were going to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to get up to that patient to get up to that patient
And I will go into the spectrum of resistance.
When I saw the David Dead, I was going on.
I heard a solution of it.
And when I heard it, I heard a sound in both side -- what I was sent to me is that I gave me a construction control of control.
And in these conditions the heart let you work and instead of moving the blood towards it, the blood is going to the planets, and that's why they have to go up, and that's why there is a hard to go on.
And it was not hard to discovery.
I did it and I asked me to work on the treatment I would give you to it.
And I gave him a marketing and medicine to save the pressure in your heart.
And I gave him distances, the water plants, so that I could be able to pick up.
And in one time or two, she started to feel better.
And I felt very well.
And there it was when I started the first surface, I sent her home.
In fact, I started two more.
He sent her home without talking to the character of resistance.
I didn't get the phone and I did what I should have done, which was called my head and turn it with him to see it.
And if my head would have seen it, I would have been able to support complex information.
Maybe I did it for a good right.
Maybe I did not want to be a resource that I would have to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to do.
Maybe I wanted to be so successful and able to be able to take responsibility that I could take my patients without even telling my eye.
The second piece that I started was worst was worse there.
When I send her home to his house, I didn't put attention to a voice in my inside that he said, "Good, it's not a good idea. Don't do it.
In fact, I was so sure that until I asked the number that I went to the Detroit Deada: "You think it's good if you go to your house here?
And the number thought, and then he said, "Yes, I think will be okay.
I remember that as if it was right.
And so it was the high stage, and the relationship with the doctors took her home.
And I went back to the hospital.
The rest of that day, that later, I had a bad pressure in the floor.
But I kept with my work.
At the end of the day, I started to leave the hospital and walk into the static where my car was my car to go home. At that time I did something that I don't do.
He went through the service of the way to walk home.
And there is another number -- not that I came out of the Darwin Service before, but I told me three words -- those three words that most of the medical doctors are.
Other species are also, but there is a practice in energy and is that we see the public patients.
The three words are, you remember you?
"I remember the patient that I sent up to his home.
I asked the other number with natural very nature.
"Well, she was going back, with the same time of time.
She was good.
But you go back and go back into the death.
When I was a time of a time to have come back to his house, after I gave him the high and his family and his family called the 1970s, the discoveries made it to the extra price of 50 feet of Hall, what it means is a sea sea.
And I was just going to go up and I was blue and was blue out.
And the experience of the exception is all their resources.
And they gave him a drug to get the critical pressure to me.
And they had an artificial responsibility.
I was considered and happy to the molecule.
I had a sense of feeling because then they were going to be in the early interest and I would expect to all hope that will be able to be able to be able to be able to be responding.
And in the two or three days in the next few days I was never going to get up.
I had a brain brain day.
The family.
And in eight or nine days, they went to what was going on.
And at the same day, they were going to go to go. The Deteruit Deteru, wife, mother and grandmother.
They say that they never forget the name of the names that they die.
That was my first experience.
The next few weeks I went up for it and experiment for the first time the bad subject that there is in our medical culture and I felt just -- simply without feeling that feeling sound because you can't talk to your colleagues because you can't talk to your colleagues because you can't talk to your colleagues because you can't talk to your colleagues because you can't talk to your
You do the legs and never more to get that entrepreneur.
It is that advantage that leaves a teach here.
And the bad impact that I talk about is that it makes us feel bad by inside it.
It's the one that tells us that that we did was wrong, but we are bad.
And that sat out.
And it was not for my eye, he was a little bit.
I talked to the family and I am sure that I support things and make sure that they don't give me.
And I kept doing those questions.
Why don't I ask my book? Why did I send her home.
And in my words, why did you eat a straight strange so much."
Why did I get medicine?
It was a little bit of that feeling that was discovered.
And I started to feel better.
And in a single day, he opened the sky and finally came out the sun. And I asked me if I feel better again.
And I did a deal with me in which if I put up the effort to be perfect to not make a little bit more extractions, I would make those times.
And so it was.
I went back to work.
But I went back to happen.
Two years later, I was help in the experience of the exercise in a common hospital at the North Country, and I got a man of 25 years with a pain in the grandmother.
I was very excited and supported with it.
And he would be here.
And I looked at his grandmother, I was a little bit.
And he had a physical thing and I sent it to her house.
But while he was left to the door to keep her grandmother.
Two days later, when I was going to make my corruption change -- my beach asked me to talk to me in his office.
And I turned out the three words, right?
I remember the patient who saw for a pain in the army?
So he came back and I didn't have a static factory.
I had a completely moral effective called equipment.
You can look at it in Google -- it's an influence, not the grandmother, but it goes up with it, and it can cause the land of those go.
And he was certainly not.
And you get an old thing for it to go in, and it goes to the few days.
And they went up with the same period of search and records, then I went back and go back to work, until he happened over and over again.
Two times in the same course of creatures, not discovering advances.
And it's a great effort -- especially working in a hospital because it goes to 14 patients at the same time.
But in both cases, I didn't send them home and I don't think it's been a discovery.
And one of them thought I had a real clip.
And the order of the records -- but it turns out normal -- a color that was going on to the patient of the patient in the right street and called the coral.
The other patient was with a lot of day.
And I was going to get it up to record and asked me to my color that I would do it.
And you get it up and when you get a certain sense in the right right right now called the surgery.
And they were standing up and they were left well.
But every case, I was given to me.
But I would like to tell you that I started the worst extractions in the first five years of expert and as a lot of colleagues say, is a performance.
The most means have been over the last five years.
It's just an analyze and no support.
And here is the problem -- if I can't read and talk about my errors, if I can't find the video that I tell me what it really is, how to share this with my colleagues?
How do I teach you this so that they don't eat the same streets?
If I go to a place like this, I wouldn't have idea what you think about me.
When it was the last time you heard someone talking about factory, after factory, after factory?
And of course it was in a room to hear to talk about other doctors -- but they don't hear someone talking about their own errors.
And if I came up and my colleagues as well, that a transport in my hospital took the wrong legs -- I think I would have hard to look at the eyes.
This is the system we have.
The total relationship of the extractions.
It's the system in which there are two positions: those who are going to make errors and the ones that you can't sleep and the ones that I know -- the ones that have a result of results and the ones that have a results.
And it's almost like an American reaction -- as a bits that start to help that person.
We have the idea that if we go out of the medicine to the people who are going to be able to give us a safe system.
But that's two problems.
In 20 years of distribution and decent decline, I have made a personal study of a bad doctor and doctors to learn the possible.
And what I learned is that teachers are an entrepreneurs.
We work in a system where the teachers happen every day -- where one of each of 10 drugs in the hospital are wrong.
In this country, they would die 24 dollars by electronic medicine expensive.
The United States of the United States was used 100 dollars.
In both cases, it is all the strangers -- because we're not using the problem as we should be.
And so they're things.
A hospital system.
The property of the dream is going to be involved all the way.
And we can't get rid of it.
So we have cognitive series that allow you to make a perfect story of a patient in the particular.
Now, let's take the same patient with a pain in the dino, it comes up with the limitation with the laws and the state of the signal and suddenly my story is kind of specific.
It's not the same story.
I'm not a robot -- I don't do the same thing.
And my patients are not cars -- they don't take their systems always in the same way.
And all of this is incredible.
So if we take the system as they taught us, and we choose all the professional professionals to the entrepreneur, well, not to be able to give you any one.
And with it that people don't want to talk about their most great cases?
In my program "Competence: "Line black, it's already a computer to say, "This is my worst service? I would tell everyone from the doctors to the care of care career: "This is my worst bridge, "Boy: "Boy: "Boy: "Wow, blood, what are your brains are your freedom?
And their students will say, they go down the head and they would try to go out and start to tell their stories.
They want to tell their stories, they want to share them.
You want to say, "Look, they don't get the same brain?
They need a context where you can do it.
They need a research culture.
And it starts with a doctor every time.
The developed doctor is human -- you know, it is human -- and it doesn't get out of their mistakes -- but it is written by learning how it happened to teach others.
I share their experiences with them.
It's support for those people who talk about their errors.
And it will be the members of other people not with the trying to get them in, but in a love and a low way to get all of them for all of them.
And I work in a medical culture that recognize that human beings will take the system, and when this happens, they are going to be able to make errors of time at the time.
My name is Big George.
I am a developed medicine.
I am human -- I can eat extractions.
And I feel a lot and I feel a lot about learning something that can transform others.
I don't know what you think about me, but I can live with that.
And let me focus with three personal words, I remember it.
Do you know how many decisions we take one day.
Do you know how much we get in a week.
And I did a little bit of a stage to more than 2,000 people and the average amount of choice that tells a average American -- it's about 60 percent a day.
It doesn't do a lot -- in an research in a week to a week to a group of companies of company.
The researchers were able to get up the different things that are designed by these events and the time that they were going to be able to do with those devices with those tasks.
They found that in the average they are going to get 130 work for week.
Now, every job is born a lot of microbes.
The half of those decisions took nine minutes or less.
Just about 12 percent of them had a hour or more of your time.
Now think about their choice.
Do you know how many of you think about nine minutes.
How do you make the way that does those decisions mean?
So today I want to talk about one of the biggest problems of access, to choose to the support of opportunities.
I want to talk about the problem and of a few social possible.
As I talk about this -- I'm going to give you a few questions and I need to know their answer.
When I ask a question, like I'm a field, you get your hand only if you want to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be
In the other way, when you ask a question, if your answer is positive by the fact that you get a paradigm.
And now my first question of the day, are you ready to hear about the problem of the pollution of a performance of a personalized partner?
Thank you.
And it's being studying from the University of the University of Stanford, which is a very high level of very, very high -- at least at that time it was very solid.
It's called Denmark.
It was almost like go to a couple of fun.
There were like 2,000 different kinds of distance and live, more than 500 different types of forces and variations and about 25 percent water, and this was when we take water water.
I would love to go to that story, but in a room I asked me, why never buy anything else.
This is the state of the activist of the acceleration.
They had more than 75 different types -- including the ones who were in the box that they come out of military trees there.
Once I decided to look at the green and I asked him, "You know, it was going to be able to get all of these states all these consequences?
And he took me the battles full of transportation that came up with every day, which is essentially with their cameras with their cameras here.
We decided to make a little experiment with the beautiful.
It takes it.
They had 360 different kinds of different.
We started a piece to say, right on the street of the story.
We put out there with six health seasons, or about 24 different distances and we look at two things -- first of all, in what people were willing to stop to stop the brain?
And more people were told when there was 24,000 percent, which was only six percent.
We also look at how case they were more likely to buy a back of basically.
So here we find the opposite effect here.
The ones who were left when there was 24 -- only three percent of it had to buy basically.
The ones that they spent when there was six -- we saw that 30 percent of it bought a ball.
If we do the cards, people had six times more likely to buy if they were going to find six -- that if they found 24.
Well, to decide that we don't buy a lot of it probably makes us --  -- less is good to build the line -- but it turns out that the problem of the option of options affect us in a good terrorist.
We decided not to decide -- even when this doesn't get us.
Now the issue of the day, the financial sound.
I'm going to describe a study that I did with Grand Haiti, Earth Kan and World John, where we look at the decisions on the control of a million Americans of a million Americans of a million Americans of this country.
And we were interested to see if the number of factors were available in plants of surgery to collection, the 487 -- the 3D program.
And we found that there was actually a control.
We had 360 plants that were coming from two, to 40 different choices.
And we found that the majority was the number of free factors, there was less patients.
So if we look at the extraordinary, we see that in the plants that are going on two forms, the rate rate was 80 percent or more, not as high as you want it.
And in the plants that they were able to get about 60 percent, the rate rate of the particular particular designed to the person in the particular.
It turns out that even if you decide to participate when there are more opportunities.
So for the ones that they decided to participate -- the most people were the number of people, more people were interested to avoid the action or the investments of the Internet.
In the time there would be more opportunities -- they were more willing to invest in the factory of market.
But none of these strange decisions are the ones that we will remember to support the future financial good.
In the early decade we have seen three major negative consequences by getting more and more possible.
The most likely thing is that they put the decision -- which is even when this is going in against the interest of the interest of the Internet.
It's more likely to take the worst decisions -- in the financial and in the health.
They are more likely to get less strategies, even though it will be better.
The main reason is that we are going to look at that visual variety of microscope, sea, viruses and beautiful, but we are not able to do the cells to compare them, and we will be able to be able to get out of that extraordinary experiment.
I want to give you four simple techniques that we have tried -- in a way or other, in different research, so that they can teach in their business.
The first is, Carrily.
They have heard it before, but it's never been more true than today, which is more.
People always move when I say, "Wow!
They were concerned to lose space in the antibiotic.
But actually what we're looking at is more and more is that if you decided to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be an increase in the virus, you will be able to be a better experience.
When I provide the God and Google went out of 24 different types of Harvard and San 19th -- they saw an increase of 10 percent.
And when you want to be able to choose the products for the products that are less coming up, they were coming up with the chances in 80 percent, for two cars, a lot of viruses and a little bit.
And you know that the surfaces of today, in the average they are going to get 45 products in the middle of it.
In a store of Washington, you get a hundred 100 products in the middle of it.
But the note has been bigger in the current world in the right world is Alice and it has only 14 products -- a kind of task of the size of it.
In the world, I think that one of the best examples that have come on about how to make the choices in the planet of David Mars, the program of Harvard.
All of the experiences of Harvard are used directly to a sense of life.
Who really want to be able to be able to be able to get up 20 faces, not 300 or more.
You know that often people say, "I don't know how to cut up.
All of these are important consequences."
The first thing I do is to ask the experiments, "Well, the differences that there are between those opportunities.
And if you can't do it, you can not make it make your clients?
And this later, before I started to start with Gandhi.
He told me that it would be willing to offer the people from this audience with all of this audience.
So here, a description.
I want you to read it.
I'm going to leave a few seconds to read it, and then I want you to take a space if you're ready to take the dance of Gandhi.
(Audience: All right. All right.
Are they aren't it?
Well, I'm going to show you something else.
You knew that there was a trick there.
Who is ready for that journey?
I think that I actually have to hear more hands.
All right.
In fact, you had more information in the first right, which in the second one, but I can go up and say they thought that the second time it was faster for the second time it was true.
Because the images made it more real.
This brings me to the second technical to make the problem of the particular particular problem that is considered.
For people to understand the differences between consumers, they have to understand the consequences of every day, and the consequences have to be a very living way to be very controlled.
Why do people spend 15 to 30 to 30 to 30 percent in average when you use data or creature, that when you use effective?
Because it doesn't seem real money.
It turns out to make it more real. It can be a very positive tool for people to save more.
We did a study with San British and Alexander President, about Indian personality -- that they were working in Indian, these people were in a research where they were being adding to a 400 plan of a planet.
And at that way, we are going to be able to exactly be able to be able to be able to have a little adult.
What we did was that we put it up to the personal people who think about the positive things that happen in their lives if they save more money.
And with this mission there was an increase in the access of 20 and an increase in the amount that they were interested to save or in what they wanted to put in their stores of surgery, four of them.
The third technical is to come up.
We can get more expensive than consumers.
For example, this is a study that we did in a piece of records.
We saw that in the West Sunset over the course of the north, the exploration of records can connect from 360 different types to 64.
But you know?
Because the chance is going to tell me how to do it.
These are two experts of tasks.
One is called "The "Line and the other, "Standard?
If you think that the left of the left is San and the right of the right is Japan, you get a paradigm.
(Audience: Well, there's a few of them.
If you think that the left of the left is Japan and the right is Sanct, you will go up with a paradigm.
Well, something else.
It turns out it's right.
The left of the left is Japan and the right is San Sanga. But you know something.
And this school school is completely interesting.
The categories have to make something that I support, not that it doesn't make them.
You often look at this problem with those huge lists of factors.
You know who are they informed?
My fourth careers, to build the complexity of it.
It turns out that we can make a lot more information than what we think about, if we just explain it a little bit of a little bit.
We have to increase the complexity complexity.
I'm going to show you an example of what I want to say.
Let's see a very complicated decision -- the buy of a car.
This is a fantastic factory of cars that allows him to be a complexity.
You have to take 60 decisions to take the car.
And these decisions are going to go in the number of choices that makes each one.
Colors, the outside of the car -- I have 45 possible.
Mark, the change of changes -- four percent.
What I'm going to do is that I'm going to be able to be able to look at the decisions in which the decisions are.
So half of the cars are going to go from a lot of opportunities.
The other half of the cars are going to go from a little bit of control, four cars, to 45 colleagues -- a lot of consequences.
And what am I going to look at it?
How much of you are going to be involved with you.
If you get the bank for the design in every decision in every decision -- this means that they are adapted, or is, we're losing them.
We found that the ones that are going to go from a lot of choices to a little bit of design on the bottom over and over again, and another time.
We lose them.
If you go from a few choices to many, they go there.
The same information, the same number of opportunities.
The only thing I did was to forget the order that it comes into the information.
If we start with the easy thing, you learn to support.
Even though you put it out of changes that are not saying anything about the presentation of the bottom decision, in all of us would be able to pick us to electricity.
It uses us a product that we're building that we now have more standing with the process.
In order to solve it.
I've talked about four techniques to kill the problem of the particle of the control of the control of the control of the control, controlled extra analysis -- control, to make it real transportation, and we can make more expensive care with less opportunities.
All of these techniques that I have been designed to help to help the authors or better -- for you, to use them in their things, or for people who are going on.
It's that I think the key to get the best of a choice is being careful to the space.
And the more expensive we are in our better choices we can be able to practice the art.
Thank you very much.
In the 1980s, in the Middle East community, if you had a writing machine to write it to the government.
And I had to reduce an example of an example.
And this is so that the government could be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to get the teachers.
If you found a written with the right message that they could be able to get up to the original of the idea.
In the West we don't think that someone could do this, so much that this will take the freedom of experience.
We will never do that in our countries.
But today, in 2010, if you buy a whole color of any big factory of any big factory, and I was able to end a page -- that page will end up having a few miles in every page that you get a pattern that makes them a pattern that makes them a pattern of one and their principle.
That's happening today.
And nobody seems to take a lot about this.
This is an example of the ways that our governments use technology in against us, the cities.
And it's one of the three main causes of problems in the network.
If you look at what happens in the world in the world we can be able to add the adults on their applications.
There are three main groups.
These are the crimes.
Like Mr. David Golden of the city of King, in Mars.
The mobile cell is very easy to understand it.
These guys make money.
They use the careers to make a lot of money, and so on.
There are really a lot of millions of miles on line, millions, who made money with their adults.
This is Viction Talk, from Taliban, Steve.
This is Alli George.
This is Stanford Wall.
This is Big States.
These are Mars Anderson: Talk Allen and so on. etc.
These guys do their forests on the line, but they do it by the limitation of the bird markets to reduce money from our contents when we buy on the line, or the key of our key to get information of our faces when we buy in a computer computer.
The secret service of the United States, a two months ago, I know the surface of this sea, San Japan, and this question was 14,000 million dollars when it was a search.
Mr. John was supposed to come up with his parent.
And I say that today is more likely than any of us to be able to be able to be able to be a real crime.
And it's very obvious that this is going to be wrong.
In the future, most of the conditions will happen.
The second group of adults that we look at today is not killed by money.
There is another thing that move them up, they move them into the protect -- you can move them up with the opposites, they move them through the restorations.
groups like Angeles have been discovered in the last 12 months running a paper in the airports in the line.
Those are the three principles primary -- the creatures that do it for money, the markets like Antarctication that do it to protect and the last group are the national state of the governments that they do.
And then we see cases like Denmark.
That is a good example of general adult against their own cities.
Design is a critical article of the countries and actually, it was it.
And I was going to do the last time because of a shark.
They would be the security of the site and they took a cartoon.
So last week I said, in a meeting with the restaurant government -- I asked one of the leaders if they were able to put the death of people in the air to Daniel.
And the answer of him was yes.
So how do people move out of a car of this?
Design is a critical authority.
They sell criminals.
Why do you get the crimes?
Well, you need if you have a website with highways, services except September several services like Germany.
And I'm going to get a support authority of a free authority.
And that they were going to be able to be able to be able to be able to be accessible.
And in the case of Deney's happening exactly that.
And what happened in the Rosetta and those things that have happened.
Well, in Earth the states were taken out of the number of the presentation of the surgeon school in 2008, and during the side of the building, they found a lot of paper.
And between those parents was this care called Chicago.
And within that face there was news from a company with a company that had been sold at the entire government of the tools to figure out a big scale of the citizens of the country.
They had sold this tool for 240 surfaces to the English government.
The number of the company is right here.
Or it is, the Western governments are going to take tools to the total governments so that they do this to their cities.
But the Western governments are also doing this to themselves.
For example, in Germany, just a couple of weeks ago, I found a couple of weeks ago -- a train used by the option of the global government to invest their own cities.
If you are responsible in a good case, it's pretty obvious that their phone is international.
But today it goes over there.
It gets the connection to the Internet.
They will use even tools like the State State to increase our computer with a transformation to allow them to see all the communication and listen to the discoveries on the line, to get our data.
When we think about things like these things the obvious answer should be "Well, it looks like a bad thing, but I don't really affect me because I am a human city.
Why would you worry about it?
I have nothing to come on.
And that argument has no sense.
It is in play in play.
The practice doesn't discovery.
It's not a question of practice against security.
It's about the freedom against the control.
If we could be able to trust our governments today.
So we will be able to get in any future government in a definition that we could have within 50 years?
These are the questions that have to worry about the next 50 years.
This is where I live in this is where I live in Kenya, in the South part of National Park of National.
These are the vaccines of my father at the way, and behind the colleagues, the National Park of National.
The National National Park does not have close in the largest part of the South -- which means that animal animals like the marketing books of the park.
And designers, like laws, and this is what they do.
They make our dark.
This is one of the ones who were killed by the night, and so soon we go back in the morning and we found it a lot of it felt very bad because it was the only way we had the only way we have.
My community, the machines, we think we came out of the sky with our animals and all the land to show them, and that's why we value it so much.
So I grew up using a lot of the laws.
They move them out of them that protect our community and the dance, and they're also moving with the problem.
So they make lessons.
This is one of the six laws that were killed in National.
I think this is why I think there are so few in the National Park of National.
A child in my community, in the age of nine years -- it's responsible for his father of his father and this was the same thing that happened to me.
So I had to find a way to solve this problem.
My first idea was to use fire -- because I thought that the laws would give them fear.
But I realized that this is actually not going to be, because I even heard the laws to see the state of the bottom.
I don't read me.
One second idea was to use a spirits.
I was trying to get the laws to think that I was close to the state.
But the laws are very smart --  they came up with the first day and saw the spirits, and the second day, but the second day, and they said, and they said, this thing doesn't move here.  So they went up and made animal animals.
So one night I was walking around the state with a car and that day the laws didn't come in.
And I found out that laws have fear to the light that comes down.
So I had an idea.
And I got a strategy that I would learn and get the light.
And this is a little limit of a right line.
And I did everything.
And as you can see, the solar piece can be able to take the battery and the back of the electricity to the little individual box -- I call it a transportation.
And the industrial box makes the lights happen.
As you can see, you can go up with it, because that's where the leaders come from.
And this is how you see it when you look at night.
The lights are going to go to the laws for you to think that I'm walking through the room, but I'm getting on my way.
Thank you.
So I put them in my house two years ago, and since then, we never went to have problems with the laws.
And the houses of the neighborhood showed the idea.
One of them.
And she had taken a lot of animals and I asked me if I could put the lights up.
I said I know.
You can see them. You can see the forest, these are the lights for leaders.
Since then, I've put them in seven house in my community and they're being being a lot.
And my idea is also used to be used by all of us, to be used to others like hungraws, lesson, and it's also used to be used to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able
And thank you to this invention -- I had the forest to get a beauty in one of the best schools of Kenya, Brazil International Stanford, and I'm very excited to me.
My new school now is helping us go back and consider it.
I even took my friends to my community and we put light in the house that you don't have them, and I teach you how to put them.
So a year ago, it was just a child in the parents of the knew published the colors of my father and I used to look at the fly villages, and he told me that some day would be inside one.
And here today.
I got the opportunity to come to the first time to TED.
So my big dream is to get to be an engineering of adult and picture when I grew up.
I used to give the leaders, but now as my invest is saving the vaccines of my father and the laws, we can be with the leaders without any conflict without any conflict without any conflict without any conflict without any conflict without any conflict without any conflict without any conflict without any conflict without any conflict without any conflict without any conflict without any conflict without any conflict without
You know, what in my language means -- thank you very much.
Chris Anderson: You don't imagine how exciting it is to listen to a story like it.
So I got a bill. Richard Sure, Yeah.
CA: You're working on other electric invention in each other.
What's the next one in your list?
MT: My next invented is -- I want to make a celebration close to -- CA: a classroom close?
MT: I know that they had been invented by the electric cars, but I want to do the me.
CA: So I try it once once you try it once -- right? And you go.
We're going to add in every step that you do, friend me.
Thank you very much. LG: Thank you very much.
When I was small, I thought my country was the best of the planet.
And I grew up with a song called a calculation called nothing?
And I felt very proud of it.
In school, we spent all the time by studying the story of John Michael, but we never learned a lot of the rest of the world, except that America, June of the South -- Japan are the energy.
Even though I sometimes asked me about the rest of the world, I thought I would spend all of my life in North North North until everything changed it up.
When I was seven years old, I saw my first public execution.
But I thought I thought my life in North North was normal was normal to me.
My family was not poor and myself had never happened.
But one day, in 1998, my mom brought home a letter of my sister of my sister here.
He said, "When you read this, the five members of the family will stop in this world, because we haven't food in the two weeks past.
We are recorded together in the floor. And our bodies are so difficult, that we are prepared to die to die to die to die to die it.
I was very statement.
It was the first time I heard that people were suffering in my country.
At a short time, when I went up in front of the transport, I saw something terrible that I can't move out of my memory of me.
A woman without life was death on the street, and I was going to get a child child in his arm looking at the face of his mother without able to do anything.
No one helped them, because they were very concerned about control and their family.
And a huge amount of adults to North Corporation at the middle of the 1950s.
At the end, more than a million neurons died during the habitat and just a few of them were going to be able to find passion, institutions and transportation control.
They also did more and more facing the energy, all of my energy -- all around the night in the night except in the night of the sea in China in China in China, and I was just going to raise the river from my house.
I always asked me why they had light and us.
This is a solid picture of North North in the night in the night compared with the neighborhood countries.
This is the Arab Gore, which comes out of limitation between North Anderson and China.
As you can see, the river can be very straight in certain points -- allow us to be able to create needs.
But a lot of die.
Sometimes I look at bodies coming on on the river ...
I can't remember the details of how I came from the North Country, but I can only tell you that for the years of the habitat I was sent to China to live with the landscape of legs.
But I just thought it would be sure of my family for a short time.
I could never have imagine that I would take 14 years back to live together.
In China, it was hard to live like a young woman without my family.
I had no idea what life would be as a number of numbers.
But then I learned that it's not just extremely difficult but also different, because the black resources in China were considered international immediates.
And so I was living with a convinced fear that my identity was recorded, and it would be released to a high school of the North North Color.
One day, my worst decade was made up when I went up by the Chinese police and I was interested in the police room.
And someone had been able to be north, then they were able to get my skills in the Chinese language and made me a lot of questions.
It was adaptive.
I thought my heart was going to explain it.
If it wasn't natural -- it could be released and described.
I thought my life was going to end up.
But I wanted to control my emotions and the questions.
At the end of the intervention of an office he said to another, this was a bad resource. She's not normally?
And they let me go. It was a microscope.
Some neurons in China are looking for the subject in the freedom of freedom.
But many of them can be made by the Chinese police and discovery.
These women had a lot of surface.
And even though they have been able to calculate them, they were eventually limited after an international process.
These neurons did not have so much.
Every year, they were coming up in China in China.
And even though I was applied in speed, many other neurons have not had so much.
It is traditional that numbers have to cut their identity and fight so hard just to survive it.
Even after I learn a new language and find work -- all his world can be able to focus on a institution.
That's why you know, after 10 years of taking my identity -- I have decided to be able to be able to go back to the south of the south of the south of the South surface.
And I started a new life again.
And I'm going to be able to get up in the south of the South was a lot more of what I expected to.
The English was very important in Court of the south of the South -- I had to start to learn my third language.
And also, I understood that there was a great gap between North and Sun.
We are all control, but by the way, we've got to be very different because of 75 years of discovery.
Even though you get an identity of identity here.
I'm sure or northern?
Where am I am, who am I today?
And so there was no country that I could call me with me.
And even though I was going to take life in the South South Sun was not easy -- I made a plan -- I started to study to study to the University of investment.
Just when I started to go to my new life, I got a call called the adult.
And the North North North North American was made some money that I sent to my family and as a care, my family was going to be used to the force to a relevant chance in the out.
They had to be able to be able to be able to get up.
And so I started to plan how to help them happen.
The night has to travel long distributions on the way to the land.
It is almost impossible to create the front between North American and South Corpotees.
And so I was able to take a journey to China and I went up to the front of the North North.
Because my family couldn't talk to you, I had to take them up, in some way, for more than three miles through China and then through the surface of Africa.
The journey in cars took a week, and we almost went through several times.
Once one time, our car was described by a child of the China.
I asked the identity of all, and he started asking them questions.
As my family couldn't understand China, I thought my family was going to be adaptive.
When the Chinese office came up to my family.
And I looked at me, but I was able to believe me.
We did all the way to the front of Latin.
But I had to spend almost all of my money to go to the front surgery in Latin.
But even after I went through the front of my family -- my family was adapted and record to create the front forest.
After pay the mass and subjects, my family was limited in a month.
But at time, my family was article and record again in the Carter of Latin.
This was one of the biggest points in my life.
I did everything to take my family and we were as close -- but my family was made up in private to the destination of the South Country of the South Country.
I was and I was coming between the office of innovation and the police station, particularly trying to feed my family.
But it didn't have enough money to pay more straight or morality.
lost the hope.
At that time, or the voice of a man will say, "What is the problem.
I was so surprising that a consequence would care about question.
And with my poor English and with a discovery, I would explain the situation -- and without able to give me the man to the authority and he gave me the rest of the money for my family and for other two hours and to get them out of private.
And I was thank you with all my heart, and I said, "Why do I help me.
I'm not going to help you, he said.
"I'm helping the northern people?
I realized that that was a simple moment in my life.
The love was a whole new hope.
And I showed you that the bank of the designers and the support of international community are really the hope of hope that the black people needs to.
With the time, after our long journey and my family and I went back in the South County.
But it will get your freedom is just half the ball.
A lot of neurons are surprised from their families and when they go into a new country, they start with a little bit of money.
And so we can benefit from the international community with education.
We can also also act as people inside the North North and the rest of the world.
Because a lot of us get in contact with families still inside it, and we put information and money that is helping to change the North Congo from the North inside of it.
I have been very lucky -- I've got a lot of help and inspired in my life, so I want to help to help you a chance to protect a chance to protect international support.
I am sure you're going to see more and more neurons coming around the world, including in the TED.
Thank you.
I was living in the South Sun.
So this is Colombia State: teachers of little food, food food.
So the plants of the city came up, and they thought, we're going to change the name of South center so that it would be something else -- so they changed it to the South Americans, as if this is actually going to be wrong in the city.
This is the Sun American --  -- the state -- food food.
At the same thing that 18 million other Americans lived in a decline of food -- the American Center of the Sun -- home of food places to take and eat in the car.
The thing is that the food places to take more people than food in the car.
People are dying of dark diseases in the South States States.
For example, the rate rate in my neighborhood is five times bigger than say, "Look Link, which is like 15 miles a day.
I was able to see that this happened.
And I asked me, how would you feel if they didn't have access to the blood food, and if you get out of house you see the effects that the data system has in your neighborhood?
And I see signals of really companies and sell as cars as well.
I look at the devices of diagnosis like States.
And I think this has to stop it.
I think the problem is the solution.
The food is the problem and it's the solution.
And so I have been able to get 45 minutes of water and it goes back to buy a film that doesn't have a paradigm.
And what I did was to put a food of food in front of my house.
In a land of land we call a college.
It's about 45 feet of me.
The point is that it comes to the city.
But you have to keep it.
I said, "Well, I can do what I'm going to come on in it, because it's my responsibility and I have to keep it.
This was how I decided to keep it.
And so my group and I, Leonardo George, we got us and we started to put our food of food.
What we do, we are kind of a group of groups that are going to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to go out of all the city, all of the city and completely value, and everything we do is great.
And the back, I was beautiful.
And then someone was starting.
The city came up with me, and I was able to tell me that he had to be able to go up with my back, the carbon was made by collaboration.
And I said to me, "You know, right?
A collective order to put food in a piece of land that no matter --  So I was like, "Well, I was like, "Well, I was like?
Because this time was not going to happen.
Linexa, Times had the story written by Steve Link, and I talked to the control and one of the members of George Georges, who put a performance in China, with 400 streets, we were a success.
We had the video in our hands.
My concept is even called to say that they spread and they were doing what we were doing.
I mean, let's say, why don't it?
Los LED is the city of the United States.
It has 88 miles of balloon terrorists.
And that is about 20 Peraction Council.
That is enough enough to put 36 million tons of talents.
Why don't you think about it?
It will be a plan to give up a few thousand dollars.
When a dollar dollar will give you 75 dollars.
This is my Hill, when I tell people -- you know, your own food.
It will be able to make your own food is just like your own money.
You see, I have a place for the South Sun.
I grew up there. I grew up my children there.
I'm going to be part of this manufacturing reality that was managed to me for each other, and I'm going to keep my own reality.
You see, I'm art.
The guy is my gravity, I come up with my art.
And as a gravity artist -- which is going to be walls -- I reach surfaces, shorters.
I use the back, the land -- as a piece of leadership, and the plants and the trees and the trees -- are my limitation of that leader.
They would be surprised to see what the land can do. If you let it be your own.
You just can't imagine how amazing it is a collection and how people affect people.
What happened?
I am a sense of how my blood became a tool of education, from my neighborhood.
To change the community, you have to change the compassion of the Earth.
We are the Earth.
And they would be surprised to see how the kids affect children.
The horse is the most typical act and profile that you can do, especially in a brain.
And also, you get frontiers.
I remember a machine, who came up a mother and his son, were like the 1980s, and they were in my boat, and they were going to look very still.
I mean, well, man, I felt wrong that they were there, and I said, you know, you don't have to do this like this.
This is on the street for a right.
I felt to look at the people who was so close to me, and this is just what I do this, people ask me, "Well, people ask me, "Oh, you don't know that people are going to fix your food.
And I say, "Oh my God, I don't have fear that they are going to go to relate."
So that's in the street.
That's what it's about.
I want you to take it, but at the time, I want you to take your health?
There was another attention that I put a back in a region for the center of the American Center.
They were these guys -- they helped me to take the food.
It was familiar to me -- I would share his stories about how this had done it and how they used to plan with his mom and his battle, and it was great to see how it changes them, so it was just just for a moment.
And so George Germany has come to put it up for 20 drivers.
We've had -- as about 50 people who come in, they work and participate, all of us in the local planet.
If you get the Chinese kids -- the kids will eat with it.
If you make the transportation, they will eat transportation.  But if nothing of this will teach you, if you don't teach them how the food affect the mind and the body, they eat the limits that put them in front of it.
I see young people who want to work, but they have this thing in which they are addressed -- I see kids of color that are in this way.
With the control, I see an opportunity where we can train these kids who are getting out of their communities to have a survival life.
And when we do this, who know?
Maybe the next George World Wall.
But if we don't change the combination of the Earth, we never will do it.
Now this is one of my planet, this is something I want to do.
I want to put a whole piece of grandmothers, where people can share food.
I want to take you up and turn them into the health causes in the healthy changes.
I don't make me.
I'm not talking about free things, because it is not surprising.
The quality of subjective is that you have to get it out.
And what I'm talking about is to be able to work to people, to take the kids in the street -- that you know the radio, the professional and the honor of changing their own food -- open market market market.
So what I want to do here, we have to do it.
I want you all to become an entire records of electronics, general distances.
We have to change the guy of what's a general.
If you're not a control, you're not a general.
What the people will take your own room?
And that is your choice theory.
You know, if you want to go back to me, well, if you want to see me, I don't call me if you want to sit in the same comfortable and having a records to talk to do some -- to talk to you about making some look at some fear.
If you want to see, they go back to the back with their room so that we can put something.
Perhaps. Thank you.
Thank you.
(March of marriage --  -- --   probably all of you will be able to agree with me that this is a very nice way.
It's made of the marriage, and the atmosphere is a good material to control, but not always not in days as today, where it takes a lot.
You can have a lot of water in the atmosphere that soldiers.
And especially if you go together in their biology and these cars spend -- that's not very much.
And also, the apple can make a lot of room.
It's a robotic material and if we build careers, like in the United States, very close to cities -- we want to be able to have a signal card.
So the solution for that is to make a little bit.
And this is a material that we use now in most of the countries of the Colomberations of the United countries -- it has some and the water can happen through it, so all the water water will go up to the side and have a car that is easy to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be
The room is also going to be able to stop in these places.
Because it is very surrounding, all of the room will be able to be able to be a very simple way.
It also has deaths, of course, and the death of this face is that you can get up.
What is it defending to be defined? You see that in this face of the surface of the surface they come out.
So first of all, then you see more and more and more and more, and then then I won't do that.  But you can give them their private, and you can not be happy with that.
And finally, this can also take more and more data.
Sometimes you can create bacteria with that.
There it is.
Now, of course, that you can become a problem, but we have a solution.
So here you can actually see how the day in this materials.
It's a little bit of particular, as I said, so it only has a little amount of adult between the parents.
Because of the institution, the English light.
So if you drive on the career, you will take the adults -- as we saw it here.
In order to solve this problem, we think about mathematicians of adult.
So if we can make this material that we have to be able to have a solution.
And so what we can do is use a short street, of that to clean survival, and we can cut the side of the shoes in a very small way, and we can imagine those little pieces with the bomb.
And so we have a little bit with small streets of side on it.
Then you need a machine.
The industry can be able to go out, especially the author, it's very good at that.
And so what you have to do is to make the car, to get the bomb, the beauty will go through these microbes and the legs will look at the surface.
Today, I use a minute of microbes, because I can't bring the great machine machine here.
The mind of microbes is a similar system.
I put the shows -- I'm going to take you to see what happened.
This is the shows that comes now.
I said that we have this kind of industrial machine in the lab to make the shows out.
We tried a lot of shows up there, and then the government actually saw our results -- and they thought, "Well, that's very interesting. We have to try to try it.
So they gave us a piece of care, 400 feet of the American automobile, where we had to do a control of trial to try to try to try to try to try to try to try to try to try to try to try to try to try to try to try to try to try to try to try to try to try to try to try to
So that was what we did there. You see where we were doing the test in the way, and then, of course, this care will make a number of years without any day. That's what we know about the practice of practice about.
We took a lot of shows of this career and we put them into the lab.
We made the shows -- we put a lot of close in them, and then we put them back to our computer machine and we would get them back and get them back to it.
We can remember this a lot of times.
Well, to control, I can tell you that we've done a material using the care faces, including these forests, using the energy energy to actually increase the life of the surface of the surface -- they can even make a lot of money with very simple.
And now, of course, they have quality of if this also works.
We still have the show here. It's pretty quickly.
In fact, you have to figure out first before you can show you how it can be able to be able to do it.
But I'm going to make an attempt to make an attempt one.
Let's see it. Yes, it works.
Thank you.
When I was 11 years old, I remember a morning with the sound of the college in my house.
My father was listening to Britain News in his little rain radio.
I had a big subject in his face that was an universe in those time, because the news is usually designed.
The tasks were been addressed?
I didn't know what I mean, but I could see that my father was very, very happy.
Now you can go to a strange school, he told me.
One morning I never forget with.
A real school.
You see, I was six years old.
And for the next five years, I looked like a child to tell my own older sister that I couldn't be used to go out to go to a secret school.
It was the only way that we were able to focus on.
Every day, we took a different car so that no one could be able to support where we are.
We had to cut the books in the market of the market so that it seemed to be the business.
The school was in a house, more than 100 of us.
It was dangerous in the winter -- but it was extremely expensive in summer here.
We all knew that we would take our lives.
And once when the school, the school was running up for a week because the states survived.
We always asked us what they knew from us.
Are they going to get it?
Do you know where we live in.
We were advanced, but yet, the school was where we wanted to be.
I was very lucky to grow in a family where education was applied and the children a team.
My grandmother was an extraordinary man for his time.
It's a total control of a restaurant property of Afghanistan -- I was in that his son, my mother went to school, and so his father would get it.
But my stem mother came back to me.
This is it.
It will take two years ago, just to become our house in school for girls and women from our neighbor.
And my father -- this is the first of all his family to get education.
There was no doubt that his children had to get education, even their children, despite the tasks, despite the research.
For him, there was a bigger risk in not to apply their children.
For the years, I remember that there were moments where I was very excited by our life, and I was always standing up and I don't see a future.
I wanted to go up, but my father said, "Oh, I did me, you can lose everything you have in life.
You can break your money. You can help stop your house for a war.
But there's one thing that always will be with you, which is here and if we have to sell our blood to pay your education, we will do.
So you don't want to get up?
I have 24 years old.
I grew up in a country that has been developed by the decades of war.
less than six percent of the women in my age have more than the bank, and if my family had not been so complicated with my education, I would be one of them.
In change, I found me here that I'm going to be able to get up in Mars College.
When I went back to Afghanistan -- my grandmother -- which was just about his home for the value of expected his children, it was one of the first one of the first ones to happy.
He doesn't just get out of my college title but also that I was the first woman, and I am the first woman who took it through the streets of Kanna.
My family believe in me.
I dream in large -- but my family has even bigger surfaces for me.
That's why I am the global building of 1950, a global field to education.
This is why he collected Stanford, the first and maybe the only private school for girls in Afghanistan -- a country where it's still risk for the girls going to school.
The exciting thing is, I see the students in my school with the strong wish to take the opportunity.
And I see his parents and their families that, like the me, and you get out of them -- and even in front of a designed opportunity.
As Anderson. It's not your real name -- and I can't show you his face -- but I'm the father of one of my students in my students here.
It was less than a month ago, he and his daughter would go out from Steve to his line, and literally they were used to be killed by a bomb in the way, for minutes.
When you get back to his house, they are the phone -- a voice I found that if I went to send his daughter to school, they will try to try it.
So let's go up -- if you want to, he said, "But I'm not going to give the future of my daughter for his old old ideas?
What I've given me about Afghanistan -- and it's something that is a very amazing thing in the West -- is that behind most of the people who came up with the value of his daughter and you see that the success of her own success.
It doesn't mean that our mothers haven't been key in our success.
In fact, they are the first early international future.
under the tasks, the children who were going to school in hundreds of hundreds -- remember, was illegal.
But today, over three million children go to school.
Afghanistan.
I find the Americans to see the factors of change.
I know that these changes don't really make a lot.
But when I go to Afghanistan when I see the students in my school and his parents who are going on for them, you know, I see a future future and a modern change.
For me, Afghanistan is a country of hope.
As I me, they make a big one.
Thank you.
I have never forget the words of my grandmother that died in the start, "Height, response to David. It goes against him.
But you never come back to you a single standard revolution.
They have spent almost two years since that is the living revolution that is actually inspired by the state of the massive moral revolution as much as the exercise.
A force with a lot of other black citizens in and outside of the country to call a day of force and put a revolution against the trade record of Galley.
And we did it -- it was a big revolution.
women and young men who were in the variation, and they were going to be able to get out of the record, by looking at the freedom of freedom, distribution and social solution.
They have shown a value of the factory of the death diagram of Galley.
They have shown a great sense of subjective from the Middle East, until the surface.
Finally, after a period of six months of a basic war and a little bit of about about 50 dead die, we would have to take our country and release the street.
And yet, David was left a piece of care, a local legacy, commercial and sea seasons.
For four decades, the Mars record of Galley developed the infrastructure and the culture and the moral structure.
And the consequence of the devices and the challenges -- I have a lot of other women, to reduce the civil civil society.
They were used about 200 organizations in Brazil, and I immediately after every single person in Parkinson.
After a period of 35 years old, I went back to Lincoln and with a unique engineer, I started to organize the devices about the development of capacity, and skills of language.
And with an incredible group of women we were able to find the Pole of women around the peace -- a movement of women, leaders of women -- in a very different way, to stay through the social authority of the woman and for our right.
I found me with a very difficult environment in the present period -- an environment that was more and more political than it was more likely to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be
With the time, our beginning was adapted and surprise.
The women would put up about 18 percent of the National Congo in the first few years.
However, a little bit of electronics and the revolution as one everything was defined, all the day we found news of violence news.
And one day we get a day with the news of the old marketing and surrounding streets.
Another day I took with the news of the American and the American and the control of the context.
And another day we get rid of the news.
And every day, every day we get rid of the government of the military and their visual rights of the human rights and their lack of the law of the law.
Our society. It works for a revolutionary mind, and it has come out of the ideas and principles of landscape, different, social solution, that we had at the beginning of the beginning.
The intervention, the except and the window became the cost of the growth of the revolution.
I'm not here today to give you with our story of the success of the subject of the "little concept and the electrons.
And so I'm here today to trust you that we -- as a nation -- we got wrong, we take the wrong decision -- we take the wrong decision.
We don't have a good thing.
Because the choices didn't take the peace and the security and the security to Lincoln.
And the list is going to create the classic and the authority between cars and cars were made peace and natural relationship?
No, they didn't did.
What happened then.
Why do our society still have a policy and dead with political political political policy and except for men as for women.
Maybe what it was not just the women, but the fundamental values of compassion and metaphorical and incredible.
Our society needs the national dialogue and the understanding of more than the choices that I needed to do is that they were only going to get the police and discovery.
Our nation needs the quality of how much most of the fact that we need to need the European responsibility and a lot of it.
We need to stop able to act as an infrastructure and call it a day.
We need to start to act as a compassion of compassion and metaphor.
We have to develop a fundamental discovery, which not only happened, but it also put the microbe instead of the season, the control instead of compassion -- the evolution instead of the experiment.
These are the ideas that a Lind, described by the war -- it needs directly with the end of making the peace.
Because the peace has a adult that is about the research and the alternative between the fundamental perspective.
That is the truth of it.
We need to use that in an extraordinary way before we do it in a particular way.
And I remember with a version of the County "The Chinese "State: "It's the word of the Michael Mines, "Wow!
And at the time, the word "The word is known in all the marine traditional traditional traditional traditional traditional transportations, it has the same reason that the word "The word "The word and material -- which is going to take all of the humanity of men and women -- that all of the water and women have been taken out.
And so, as the theory is completely going to be able to go into the engineering, which is growing into the diagram of compassion -- all of the existence is all there.
This is how it tells us, "My mission will get all the things.
This is how it tells us, "My mission comes on my brain?
That all of them is going to tell you the matter of the mission.
Thank you.
I'm here today to talk to you about a complete question, which has a very incredible answer that has a very incredible answer to do.
It's about the secret of the marketing violence and the question I'm going to deal with is the ones that all of you are going on, why is she started?
Why was someone going to stay with a man who gave him a man who would happen?
I'm not a physical, no social work -- and it doesn't experience in medical violence.
I'm just a woman with a story that will tell you.
I was 12 years old. I was just going to get in the University of Harvard.
I had moved to New York for my first job as a writing and I started in the Red Revolution.
I had my first application, my first green Arab African Africa, and I had a very big secret here.
My secret was that many, a lot of times, the man, that I created my high school, I was given to the head with a pill, caused with a pillar street.
The man, which I love more than no one in this world, I put a film in my head and a man in my head.
I am here to tell you the story of "Line love, a particular property, and a physical property, which is going to take every year million women, and even some men.
until it could be your story.
I don't look like a surface of the marketing violence of the marketing violence here.
I am limited in the University of Harvard University and I have a MIT in Mars Bangladesh Barrier Steven.
I've spent most of my career working for the list of the list "Boy: "Beer by them John and John, read Ben and The Wall Pale.
I took almost 20 years ago with my second, and we have three children.
My dog is a black lab and I put a military Minister Minister.
So my first message for you.
It's everywhere.
And my second message is that all of you think that the dark violence happens to women, which is a problem of women.
Not enough.
More than 75 percent of the microbes are men, and the documentary space is only happening in anti-stars and interactive and long and long diagram, and he said, in the families -- the last place where we want or would expect to find a discovery.
And I would have told you that it would be the last person in the world that would be going to be a man who took him up, and actually I was a very typical view because of my age.
I was 22 years old, and in the United States, women in between 16 and 24 years of age have three times more possibility than the other discoveries of the other age, and more than 500 women and girls of that age are killed every year by the United States.
I was also a typical vision because I didn't know anything about the marine violence -- his signals of adult or their patterns or their patterns or their patterns or their patterns or their patterns or their patterns or their patterns or their patterns or their patterns or their patterns or their patterns or their patterns or their patterns or their patterns or their patterns or their patterns or their
I met I met I met in a fire and the night night at all.
I was sitting on my side in the middle of New York.
He told me two things.
The first one was that he was also going to be able to get out of a University of the English University and I worked in a very important bank of Washington State.
But what I was asked to me in that first found was that it was ready and fun. And that looks like a girl of the field.
And I had a lot of big markets as a balloons, and a little bit of surface, and it looks like that.
One of the most smart things that I did is, from the beginning of the beginning -- it was to create the notion that I was the computer computer of the particular.
And he did it on the beginning of the beginning in a period.
We started to go out and I love all of me -- that was ready -- that I had gone to Harvard, that I was able to help the terrorists and my work.
I wanted to know everything about my family, my infection, my shows and substances.
I think I created in me, as a writing and as a woman, as nobody had done it.
And it was why the relationship in that high school and the work in Washington Started and his future future had so much important for him.
I didn't know that the first picture in any relationship of the dark violence is to look at and make the video.
And I don't know that the second step is to take it.
Now, the last thing I wanted to do was I went back from New York and leave the work, but I thought that I had to make care of your particular, so I grew up, I left my work and I went up and I went together from Mars.
I had no idea that I was going on in a love left, which was coming out of head in a physical room, financial and physical profile and presenting presentation.
The next step in the pattern of the dark violence is to identify the violence of violence to see how it is.
And here it is where they go into the stage of those pieces.
At the time we moved to New Egyptians you know, that site where I was supposed to know that I had to feel so sure that I had to feel so sure that I had to feel so sure that I had to feel so sure that I had to feel so sure that I had to feel so sure that I had to feel so sure that I was
One of them had in the career of the car.
Another one of them would put it under the statement in our bed and the third always in your police.
And he said that I needed those tails to the treatment that I lived of a little bit.
I needed them to feel safe for me.
But those pictures actually were a message for me, and even though I had never left my hand -- my life was already in a dangerous way, every minute of every day.
And the first physics of Congo happened for five days before our ball.
They were seven in the morning, and I still have the street.
five days later, when I was the 10 models of my school had gone up, I put up the subject of my mother and my mother with him.
And despite what I had happened. I was sure that we would live happy for always because I love and he also wanted to be a lot.
And I was very, very relevant.
It just had been very proud of the battle and for the fact that I would make a family with me.
I had been a sense of the signal and never more going to make me.
I spent two times more in our mind.
The first time I was driving up to a secret plant, and he lost me, and he gave me so strong in the head that I see a number of times against the car of the car.
And then, a couple of days later, coming back from our mission of million, and he came through the traffic and I'm going to give me a Big Mars in the face of the face.
And I was going to put up one or two times per week for the next two years and the middle of our marketing.
I was wrong when I thought it was the only one in this situation.
One of three American women is visual violence or attention at some point of their life, and the center of control Conservation that every year.
So actually, I had very good company.
I will go back to my question: Why do I do?
The answer is simple.
I didn't know that he was coming out of me.
At the way, I was a very strong woman in a very strong man -- and it was the only person in the world that I could help me to go into the death to get her deaths.
The other question that everybody does is, why does not just be a face?
Why did I do that? I could have gone at any time.
So for me this is the most sad question and pain that makes people, because we know, we know something that you don't see -- it's incredibly dangerous to get a marketing.
Because the last picture in the pattern of the medical violence is to kill it.
More than 80 percent of the adults in the case of the dark violence in the case that the vision has put up the relationship after the record, because then the space has nothing to lose it.
So others including the perfect thing, even after the device has come back to head, design of financial resources and magical resources of family system to support the violence and their children, who are usually adding for the man to spend their mother from time to spend their mother out of time.
And we still keep asking why it just isn't going on?
I was able to go out of me -- I was able to be able to be able to be able to see my negative.
I realized that the man who loved so much -- I would have killed me if I was allowed it.
So I went up the signal.
I met it all the world to the world, to my neighbors, to my friends, to my friends and families -- and I am here today because all of you.
We have the temperature to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to look at the visions as scale schools, women day.
The question, "Why does it look like?
So for some people is a way to say, "The colleague is the way to stop, as if we were going to be able to find out of men who want to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to make them.
But since I was asked "London, I have heard of stories of men and women who were also supposed to get up -- that they learned a serious lesson of what happened.
Because it turns out that I actually am a vision and a surface of a very typical violence of a very typical violence.
I was going to walk up with a free man, and we have those three children.
I have that black land and as well.
What I'm not going to be going to have to have to have never more -- heavy, is a care player coming to my head in hands of someone who says I want.
At this moment, they are thinking about it, "Hollywood, that's fast? or "Hollywood, what does it mean? But all of this time I have actually been talking about you.
I'm sure that there are a few people that are just listening to me right now, who are being married or that they were a little bit of small or they are standard themselves.
The male could be affected to their son, to their sister to their best friend right now.
I was able to put in the end of my own particular love by looking at school.
And I keep doing it today.
It is my way to help other values, and it's my last position to you.
They talk about what you've heard here.
And the spontaneous painting is just in school.
They have the power to be able to be able to be able to be able to just bring light on it.
We need to see all the world.
We need each one of you to understand the secret of the dark violence of the documentary violence here.
You take the marketing to the light talking about it with their children, their work, their friends and family.
They represent their view of the surface as a fantastic people and specifically, who have a future future.
And they recognize the early early levels of violence in order to be able to be able to go up with their scale and to show the lives a safe room.
So many of us can turn our fields, our table and our families in the sound and the particles that should be.
Thank you.
Hello. I call me Raisulter Rome, and for a time, I'm model.
In order to be presentation, for 10 years ago.
And I feel that at this moment there is a transplant terrified in the room because it shouldn't have been seen like this.  And by the way, I've been able to change to change.
This is the first change in a TED school, so you have a lot of enough to introduce it, I think.
And if some of the women were holding up when you go up, they don't have to do it right now, but I would find it later in Twitter in Twitter at all.
I also want to be able to be able to be able to change what you think about me in just 10 seconds.
Not everybody has that opportunity.
These guys are really impossible, less bad than I don't have to use them.
The worst part is going to be going to go through the head, because it's when you're going to go back to me, so they don't do anything as the head.
All right.
Why have I done this?
It's been extraordinary.
Well, I hope not as much as this picture.
The application is powerful but also survival.
I've changed what they thought about me in six seconds.
And in this picture, I had never had a novel in real life.
And I was totally excited and the photograph told me that I was going to add the space and I would take the head of the girl in the kids.
Of course, I went up with surgery or an artificial brain like which I made two days ago for work -- there is very little that we can do to transform our aspect -- which is, even though the surface and institution, it has a great impact in our lives.
So today, for me, it will be a real means to be honest.
I'm in this stage because I'm model.
Because I'm a nice woman and white woman -- and in my moral sector -- that's being a sexual girl in it.
I'm going to answer the questions that people always do, but in the way.
The first question is, how are you going to be modern?
And I always say, a care of me, but that doesn't mean anything.
The real reason I made me model is because they put the genetic language, and I am the benefit of a hours, and maybe you're asking what this hours.
Well, in the last few century, we have not only developed the beauty as a health and signal and simple, which we are biologically progressing to address, we also have been associated to a high and a white skin and a white skin and a white skin and a white skin and a white skin and a white skin and a white skin and a white skin and a white
And that is my brother -- I think I've been able to take to make money.
And I know there are people in the audience that is now showing you a little bit, and maybe there are some love of the way that you say -- there are Japan, Three, John Sandara, Liberian Simplase, Line Sanda.
First of all, happy to know so much of models -- it's amazing.
But I just have to give you that in 2008, a decade of the University of New York City.
The next question that people are always doing is, could be model when you get bigger when you get more?
And my first answer is: I don't know, I don't know.
But then, what really would tell each of these children is, Why? You can be what you want.
You can be president of the United States, or the invention of the next Internet, or a national care stream and power, which would be impossible, because you would be the first one.
If you after this particular list -- still intervention, no, no, I want to be model, then I say, I know my bomb.
Because I am not at all, and you could be the record record of the record Venture or the American distribution of TED -- or the next thing.
And I would say that most of you want to be model is like to say you want to win the power when you are bigger as well.
It's out of your control -- it's amazing -- and it's not a work that you can choose it.
I'm going to show you all of what I learned in 10 years as a model -- because by the way, it can be able to go right now.
I don't know what happened there.
You know, once you already had your studies -- and you have a culture and a few work to your spaces, no matter what you say, if you say you want to be president of the United States, but your culture would say, "I want to be able to be president of the United States.
The next question that people always do is if all of the pictures will get up.
And yes, you basically get up all the pictures -- but that's just a little part of what happens.
This was the first picture that they took me, and also the first time I used a biology, and I didn't even have my period.
I know we're going into the personal theory.
This is what it looks like.
These two pictures are the same day.
My friend came with me.
So here I am in a picture of a few days before the pictures for the French Vietnam.
So here I am with my favorite team and in the record I saw it.
And this is me in the attention.
And I hope you realize that I'm not me in those picture.
They are aware of a group of professionals, phones, males, photos and states, and all of their help and people and production, and you can make this. That's not me.
Well, the next question that people always do is: Do you get great things?
I have too much.
I grew up in Carlish, and once I went to a story and I forget to take money, and they gave me the thank you.
When I was a terrifying, I travel with my friend who was a controlled particular partner, and he came up with a risk in red and of course, and of course, they were going to be able to be able to be able to go down.
And I enjoy these principles for my aspect -- not for what I am, and there are people who are paying a price for their aspect without matter who they are.
I lived in New York, and last year, in the age of the age of the age of the ones that are going to give them and recognize, 80 percent were black and language, and most of them were young men.
And there are only 187 black people in New York, so for them, it's not a question of me going to be able to make me stay?
But how many times would you be able to get it?
When I was going to research for this talk -- I found out that at 24 percent of the girls in the United States in the United States you don't like their body, and that car gets back to 78 percent to the 18.
So the last question that people do is, how is the life of a model of a model.
And I think the answer that you expect is, if you're a little bit more democracy, and you have the most beautiful weight -- you feel very happy and straight.
And behind the cameras we give a answer that maybe it looks like that.
We said, it's really wonderful to work, and also incredible power to work with creative people.
And all of that is true, but it's just a part of what happens because what we never say in front of the cameras -- what I have never told in front of them -- is, I'm inspired.
And I'm because I have to worry about my aspect every day.
And if you ever ask them, with a few more democratic legs and the most beautiful head to be more happy to be more happy to be happy?
They just have to get up with a group of models because they have the most democratic legs -- the most beautiful head and the most broken and it is probably the most interesting women in the planet.
But about all of it was hard to get a sense of radical support and I know when I am one of the biggest benefits.
If there is something to get out of this talk -- I hope you all feel more comfortable to recognize the power of the image that we have from the success.
Thank you.
The photograph has been my passion since it was the biggest enough to get a camera -- but today I want to share with you my 15 more primary pictures -- and I didn't go to me who had them.
There were no artists -- or straightforwards, or an opportunity to reduce the pictures -- not even a little city in the limitation.
In fact, most of them were able to take them into the air.
My story starts when I found in the city of New York to give me a power, my wife gave me this picture to my daughter in the day of her first company -- that's the country of 48 and five.
He said that we went back to New York just a year later, so we decided to take the same picture.
Well, you can imagine what it comes now.
When it comes to the third computer of my son, my wife said to me, why don't you take you to Kacker to New York in a public journey and continues the relationship?
This is when we started to ask the transportation that they were going to take us on the picture.
It is amazing that the support of the camera is going to be a lot that is so universe.
No one has never noticed and actually never nobody has been in the camera.
So we were not aware of how much we would change the life this journey out.
It became something else for us.
This picture is about a few weeks after 12, and I had to explain to my daughter what had happened that day in the way that a five years I could understand it.
These pictures are much more than a short moment or a specific journey of a specific journey.
They're also a way to stop the time in a week of care and to make us remember about our time and our evolution over the years, and not only the physical level, but in all the sense.
Because even though we always take the same picture, our perspective changes -- my daughter has a new day, and I can see life through his eyes and how it looks like with it.
That time in concept that we spend together is something that we hope with analysis all the year.
And remember, in one of the travel -- we were walking on, when suddenly it was in terms and it is just a red collection of the store of the store that I was able to have a little bit of small videos.
And I discovered what had felt at five years of foot in that same place.
I said that he was able to remember his heart to see that place for the first time nine years ago.
And now what you look at in New York -- because it's decided to study in New York City.
And suddenly I understood that one of the most important things we create are the remember of it.
And so I want to share the idea of being able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to remember it.
I don't know you, but it comes out of these 15 pictures -- I don't see it in many of the family.
I'm always what the picture.
I want to give you all to be able to be able to get in the picture, and they don't get to get someone and ask them, "We have a picture of a picture.
Thank you.
I want to talk about a very special group of animals.
There are 10,000 species of birds in the world.
The backs are found in the most standard group.
First of all, why do you have so bad.
It has also been associated with the discovery of designers as a mental characters as manufacturing children, states.
And more recently, if you've been getting the principle of the big things and alternatives and adults these are the artists that are static with the Big Peraction, but I don't hear it.
I don't hear it. You know why.
Because the members of Paris don't keep the environment.  The paradigms don't help to prevent the property of disease.
They are difficult --  --  -- they're far from extraction.  And my favorite -- and my favorite -- the backs have better present.   There are two kinds of back in this planet.
There are the ones in the New world that are actually found in the America, like the control and the careers and the bottles of the World world, where we have 16 species -- of these 16 species -- 11 of them face a high risk of exception.
So why are the ones are important -- in the first place, they make the visual economic services -- Jesse.
They are our own natural streams.
They call the cars up to the body.
They help to kill all the bacteria -- help to address the coral that will not be for them and to make great loss of dance and diseases in other animals.
The recent studies have shown that in areas where there is no bottom, the cars take three to four times more time, and this has huge materials in the property of disease.
They also have a huge story as well.
They have been associated to the old cultural culture.
Now I was the system of the project and the material and so on with the computer, they were using the unit between the Alto and the English English.
And in the mind Minister, James was the black God, and he took his life to save the day of the 19th dollars of 10 Harry Harry.
In the state culture, they make a lot of very important interventions in places like the Termina, and there is no place to understand the death or the way to create them, so these things are going to make a natural electricity system.
What's the problem with the background?
We have eight species of back in Kenya.
The reason is that they're being investing, and the reason that they're being involved is because there are conflict between humans and factory.
In the south of Africa, in countries like India and Paulos, four species of back are in the critical list of extraordinary, which means that in less than 10 or 15 years old, and the reason is because the reason that has been treated with a state drug like the Deana.
This drug has been professional to use video in India.
And because there is no bottom, there has been a practice in the number of bottom cars in the sea seasons, and when you have a bottom boats -- it has a huge time of time to reach -- the number of carbon cases has become huge in India.
Kenya is going to have one of the biggest electricity parts in Africa, 350 adults are going to be around the Turkey.
I'm not against the electric energy, but we have to work with the governments because the electric substances do this to the areas. They cut them through half of them.
They are transportation transportation.
In Western Africa, there is a horrible forest of death deaths to be able to be able to look at the button and the market.
So what are you doing it? Well, we're going to make these areas. We are putting transportations.
We're trying to describe their basic energy, and see where they go.
We can see that they travel for different countries, so I'm going to focus on a clearly not going to look at all.
We have to work with governments in the red level.
We're working with local community.
We are talking to them about them to learn the bombs, about the need to learn these wonderful creatures and the services that they protect them.
How can you help it? It can be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to write your government to their government and tell them we have to focus on these very creative consequences -- and I'll give you their time to discover the word of the world.
When you go out of this room, you will give them about the back, but they talk to their families with their children, with their neighbors on the bottom.
They are very excited -- Charles David said that it changed because I saw them to fly with no effort -- no energy of energy in the sky.
Kenya, this world will be much more poor without these wonderful species.
Thank you very much.
Every thing I do and everything I do. My life has been married for seven years of work during my home in Africa.
It ever since 1999, until 2005 -- but I don't know.  I worked in Zaman, Kenya, Congo Conference and Solaran, Arab and Santa projects with African countries.
I worked for a traditional NASA, and every project that we were looking at in front Africa.
And I was starting.
I thought, at the age of 21, that we were all good people and we were doing a good job in Africa.
Instead of that, everything we were talking about we do is we have it.
Our first project, which inspired my first book -- "Ants of the Boston, was a project in where we decided to teach people from Zamage to carried food.
And so we came up with the state to the Sun of Zamana to this absolutely fundamental virus that is going on to the Boston Book: and we teach the local transportation and the limitations and hallucinations -- and so on.
Of course, people were not really interested in doing that, so we were able to go to work, and some times, they don't get up.  And we were also used that the local languages, and we were not had any natural.
However, instead of asking you how it could be possible that they were not going to be possible -- we just said, "You know, thank God that we are here.  And so for time to save people from the Harry of the human human humans?
And of course, everything in Africa.
So we got these transportation transportations -- in Internet, a takes to grow this size -- in Zamania, to this size at all.
And we couldn't believe it, we were saying to the signs, "Look what easy is the activity?
When you were to take them up, they were bad, mothers and red -- in the night at night at the morning, about 200 We've got up from the river and they started everything.  And we said to the signs, and we said to the signs, the manufactures?
And the changes said, "Yes, that's why we don't have any nature here.  "Why didn't you say it?
I thought that only we were going to be able to be made in Africa, but then I saw what the Americans did did -- what they did the English, and then you would see what they were doing, and then to see what they were doing, I felt pretty proud of our project in Zamania.
Because as you see, at least we feed the hospitals.
You should see the descriptions --  You should see the responsibility that we give them to the people in Africa.
I want to read a book -- I read "The Deada Dealay of Mars Mars, except emotion.
The book was published in 2010,
In us, the Western countries, we've got to the African continent two million dollars in the last 50 years.
I'm not going to tell you about the day that the money has ever been able to do.
They just read his book.
They call it part of an African woman, the day we have done.
We are excited and the consumers are extraordinary, and we treat people just in two ways or particles, or we are presenting them.
The two words come from the fourth land that means "Chinese?
However, it means two different things.
Parking to any of a different culture as if they were my children. I want a lot.
Passion, I treat all of a different culture as if they were my surfaces.
And so the white in Africa are called "Barriey" called "Brown?
And that book gave me a driver on the face -- "The little thing is beautiful -- I wrote by Santa, who said about all of the economic development -- if people don't want to be help -- dolphins used it.
This must be the first beginning of the help.
The first piece of the help is to answer it.
This morning, the secret I opened up with this conference put a based on the ground and said, can you imagine a city that isn't neuroscience?
I decided at the age of 18 years just to respond to people, and I invented a system called Facebook Force where you never find anything -- you make a motor of the local passion -- but it becomes a subject of the local passion -- the blood of the local plants who have the dream to become a better person.
So what do you do you?
It's called a community with an idea, and it feels with the people.
We don't work from the office.
We went in a car. We got in a back.
We have any information.
And what do we do? We become friends, and we figure out what the person wants to do.
The most important thing is the passion of it.
You can give you an idea.
If that person doesn't want to do that, what's going to do you?
The passion that she has for their own growth is the most important.
The passion that that man has for their own personal growth is the most important.
And then we help them find the knowledge because nobody in the world can have success alone.
The person with the idea can not have the knowledge -- but the knowledge is available of.
So years and years ago, I had this idea, why not us, for once instead of getting to a community to tell people what to do, why don't we do that, for one time, we were going to hear it?
I'm going to tell you a secret here.
There is a problem with the common research.
The entrepreneurs never stay, and they were going to tell you, in a public research, what you want to do with their own money, how opportunity they have evolved in.
And so the plastic has this short point.
The most smart people in their community, you don't even know them, because they don't get their public resources.
What do we do? We work one to one, and we work on the face -- you have to create a social infrastructure which doesn't exist.
You should create a new professional.
The teacher is the family doctor of the company, the family of the business.
And I started this as a test in hope.
I was doing a doctor in that time, trying to get away from this control bank where we get to tell them what to do.
In one year, I had 24 projects in the market, and the government came to me to see to say, "How can you do that?
How can you do it? And I said, "I did something very, very, very difficult stuff.
And I heard to me and I hear it --  So --  So the government says, "Movement again?  We have done it in 300 communities in the world.
We've helped to start 40 business.
There is a new generation of entrepreneurs that are dying of suburb.
Part David, one of the most large articles of the story -- I did a few years ago.
Paul David was a physical teacher before I was involved in the business, and this is what he says Paris Daniel: "The plastic is actually connected with a society and an economy of innovation of innovation?
The plastic is the rest of the death of the computer spirit.
So now you're going to go up with Chicago without knowing what the most amazing people in China want to do with their own money and their own energy.
You have to learn how to get these people to be able to convince you with you.
You have to give them construction, private, it has to be great when you help them, and then they will go to the mass.
In a community of 10 people, we got 200 clients.
You can imagine a community.
So what do you think of you have heard more this morning.
The local people who have heard of you.
So what I tell you is that the energy space is where it is.
We are at the end of the first industrial revolution.
The whole thing about the Internet is not surprising.
And the order as a way of supporting male is not surprising.
What we have to consider is, is how we need to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to make seven billion people, in a sustainable way.
There are no technologies to do it.
Who is going to invent technology for the green revolution -- "The contents?
The government? Life goes?
You're going to be the entrepreneurs and they are doing it now.
There is a strange story that was in a future record -- many years ago.
There was a group of experts that were invited to deal with the future of New York in the year 1980s.
And in the year 1980, it took this group of people -- and especially it was about what it would happen to the city of New York in 100 years, and the context was excited, the city of New York wouldn't exist within 100 years.
Why? Because they sent the culture and they were going on, if the population is going to grow up to this rate -- to bring them to the population of New York to the artists, they would get six million gentlemen, and the surface produced for six million pounds would be impossible to deal with it.
They were already going to be starting in stranger.  And so in 1870, they were taking this technology that we would spend the life of New York.
So what does it happen? In the next 40 years, in the United States -- in the United States they were able to get 100 care companies accessible.
The idea of finding a different technology was absolutely available and there was very few -- forests in paradigm places.
Democratic, Michael.
However, there is a secret to work with the entrepreneurs.
First of all, you have to be able to make it conflict up.
In the other way, you're not going to be able to make you.
And then you have to give them a simplicity, which has to be able to be able to give them an entrepreneurial service self.
And finally, you will have to tell you the truth with it to understand it.
The smaller company, the biggest company has to be able to do three things matter, the product that you want to sell is to be fantastic -- you have to tell you with a fantastic computer, and you have to tell you with a very financial freedom of financial freedom.
You know what?
We have been known to a single human being in the world that can be able to sell and look at the money.
It doesn't exist.
This has not been born yet.
We have been research and looking at the 100 companies in the Columbia world, West, Christian, Francisco, all the new companies -- Google -- Google, God.
There is just one thing that all of the successful companies in the world have in common -- only one -- no one was beginning by one person.
And I was called the word me, but the word us, 24 times.
He wasn't just when he started it.
No one starts a single single one.
So we can create the community where we have familiar -- who come from a little business of small business sitting in careers, in back to their decline that they are going to do for you, what someone did for you, what someone did about this support, someone who would ask you, what does it mean?
What can you do you? Can you do it?
Well, you can see it? Can you look for the money.
"Oh, no, I can't do that? "I want you to look at someone to someone?
We act community.
Thank you.
Those who are going to be able to help us a lot of ways to improve our lives.
We don't know all of the networks, so we don't have a lot of knowledge despite to share the same public space.
In the last few years, I've tried to share more with my neighbors in public space, with simple tools like substantial, and plants and time.
These projects come out of questions like, how much would you pay my neighbors for your applications?
How can we pay and ask more things to call the door in a bad moment.
How do you share more remember of our buildings and understanding better our paintings?
How do we share more of our hope.
And I live in New Arabics, and I am a New Yorkers.
My blood always found a character with the giant robots that are going to go out to the signals, and substantial and substances from the United States.
It always gives the music.  There is a device in New Redwoods.  The city has one of the most beautiful architecture in the world, but also one with the largest amount of properties by the United States.
I was living about this house and I thought how it could turn it into a more dangerous space for the back and also in something that changed my life for always for life.
In 2009, I lost someone who loved a lot.
It was John, as a mother for me.
His death was responsible and intervention.
I thought a lot in the death and I thought about it.
And this would make me a lot of free for the time.
And he gave him the significant things of my life.
But I'm going to keep this look at this look at my whole life.
It seems to be easy to leave the day to day and forget the really important thing for one.
So with the old help and new friends transform the wall of this house of this house on a giant land and I thought about it to compare to me, "I want to die "I want to die "I want to want to do I want to be wanting?
And so they could be able to take a time, to get up about their lives and share people in public space.
I didn't know what to wait from this experiment but the next day, the wall was recovered and I was going on.
And I would like to share some things that people wrote on the wall.
"I want to die for me to be pulled by paradigm?  "I want to die I want to sit up in the light line of factory?
"I want to die for millions of people.
"I want to die with a tree?
"I want to die out of the rest of the reactor."
"I want to die that I want to try to make it again.
"I want to move to the response of someone to go back to somebody else.
"I want to die I want to be completely myself.
This space. This space was going to be built and the surfaces and hope of people were able to be able to go back to the streams, and they gave me in a difficult moment.
It's about knowing that one is not alone. It's about understanding our numbers in new and specific ways -- it is about to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to give the
This happened last year, and I started to get hundreds of messages of people who wanted to make a wall in their community.
And so with my colleagues of the climate center we did a bill, and now they've made women in countries around the world, like Kansas, South Africa, Africa, Argentina and more there.
So many we showed the power of our public space if you give us the opportunity to express and share it.
Two of the most valuable things we have are time and our relationship with other people.
In our age of distribution in the way, it's more important than never -- find the ways of building the perspective and remember that life is a bit of and described.
The death is something that we often choose to talk about, or even thinking, but I understand that we will make it for death is one of those things that make us more power.
Think of the death of our life.
Our shared spaces can make better what matter to us as individuals and as a community and more media to share hopes, fear and stories -- the people who run us not only can help improve our lives.
Thank you.
Thank you.
I'm going to have a single performance.
Please don't tell me that I'm normal to me.
Now I would like to introduce you to my brothers now.
And I got 12 years old, it's high and very grandmother.
I don't talk about, but they try to get better than some of the best arms.
You know what the love.
And so I share it directly what happens.
It's not an authority. It doesn't look at the color of the skin.
You don't care about the religious differences and think about this, has never mind.
When I have a lot of our immune, we try to make words that I didn't even tell you, I remember one thing -- the little thing that we know about the mind and the wonderful thing that should be done.
San is 16 years old. It's a very grandmother.
It gets the most amazing memory of it.
And yet, it's a legal memory here.
I don't remember if I robot my choice, but I remember the year that I came out every one of my iPhone, conversation that we had when I was four years old, and I was able to put it up in my arm for the first exam of the Telescope of the Telescope of the Telescope of the Telescope of the Telescope and the College Gallery Color.
You don't think about it?
But most people are not right.
And in fact, because their minds are not going to get into the notion of the society of society, often are incredible and understanding.
But what I put up to my heart, and I did my dream was that even if that was the case, even though they didn't consider them inside the anti-particular, that could only mean one thing, which were extraordinary and extraordinary.
Now, for those less families with the "little "Line: it's a brain brain that affect social communication and learning and sometimes to the physical skills and sometimes to the physical lives.
In each individual it gets a different way in the way that I remember is so different to San.
And all over the world, every 20 minutes, you give a new case, and even though it is one of the development of the development that is faster in the world, there is no cause in the world.
I don't remember my first find with the automobile, but I don't remember one day without it.
I was only three years old when my brother came to the world, and I was very excited to have a new being in my life.
When I spent a few months, I realized that he was different.
It was a lot.
I didn't want to play like the other babies and in fact, it didn't seem very interested in me.
And I was living and I went up in his own world, with his own rules -- and I found up in the smaller things, like put the cars on the room around the room, looking at the labor and eat anything that would have between media and eat anything that would have between media and eat anything that would have between media and eat anything that would have between
As I grew up, it became more different, and the differences were getting more electrons.
But beyond the surgery, the framework and the intervention science, there was something really unique and an inner nature and installation, a child who looks at the world without presentation, a human being had never mind.
Extraordinary.
I can't notice that there have been a few hard moments in my family -- time in which there would be what they were just like me.
But I look back back to the things that have taught me about individuals -- the communication and love -- and I realize that they're things that I didn't want to change for nature.
The nature goes through the beauty that give us the differences and the fact that it will be different doesn't mean that something is wrong.
It just means there's a different view of what's right.
If I could be able to bring one thing to Republican and San and you, it would be that they don't have to be normal to be.
You can be extraordinary can be extraordinary here.
Because open or not, the differences that we have -- they're a day? Every one of us has a day in their inside and literally the search of the nature is the last combination of the potential of the potential of the potential of the potential of the potential of the potential of the potential of the potential about.
The opportunity for the food, the program and the change died in the moment that we try to be like others.
Please don't tell me that I am normal to me.
Thank you.
five years ago, I experience a little bit what it should have been done in the country.
And he asked me to me to me, a piece of communities that I gave a kind of communication to the engineering students in the engineering.
And I was statistically.  And I was a real thing -- I was statistically statistically studied with these great students with his big minds and his big books and their big words and workers.
But when you develop those conversation. I felt what Alab has to have felt when you go through the hole of the context and saw the door of a new world.
I just felt when I had those conversation with the students -- I was amazing the ideas that they have, and I wanted others to experience this wonderful world.
And I think the key to open that door is a great communication of it.
We need a great communication of our scientists and engineers with the end of changing the world.
Our scientists and engineers are the ones that are looking at our biggest challenges from energy to the environment and care of health -- between others, and if we don't know about this, the work is not done, and I think it's our responsibility as not scientists to have these interactions.
But these big connections can't happen if our scientists and engineers are not invited to see their wonderful world.
So scientists and innovations, please do with simple.
I want to share a little bit about how you can do it to make sure we can see that their science is sex and that their engineering is attack.
First question to answer them, and then what?
Let me give you why science is relevant for us.
You don't just tell us that they study the transportation, but they study the trades, which are the wrong structure of our wife because it's important to understand and treat the protection.
And when you're writing their science, they care with the back.
The black is an article for our understanding of their ideas.
You can say, "Space and temperature, but why don't we say space and time that is much more access to us?
It is not the same thing.
At the way, as Einstein, that everything is as simple as possible.
They can communicate their science without making the ideas.
So something to do is to use examples and stories and analogy. They are ways to get up and use them with their control.
And when you look at your job -- analyzed the seconds of the single signal?
You have asked why you call the background of the background?  What do the balls do -- and they kill their presentation.
A film like this is not only a straight, but it gets too much.
And in change, this first example of General George is much more effective -- shows that the special structure of the trees is so strong that really inspired the only design of the State Technology.
The third here is to use a simple state, which the public can understand if you lose a little bit of a little bit of gravity that apply to our other sense and they believe a more profound sense of understanding of what it looks like.
I think these are just a few key that you can help each other and look at the country and look at the country of the workers that is science.
And so, scientists and engineers -- when they have solution this education, for all the media -- handled with simple.  Thank you.
One of my favorite words from all the Distribution of the United States is "The "Competent is "The "States?
It just sounds very well.
And "Architect means "Common policy?
Even though there was a presentation of the 21st century that the fact that it was a lot better when he said, "You know, a control is that you look for a public code without matter -- particular or principle, and that, when you do, you get it for the use of a more serious seat service of a serious search self-experience.
I have no idea what it means to me."
So something that will do with the words, I suggest.
It's very important that the words are the basis in policy -- and that all the politicians know that they have to try to try to try to try to try to try to try to try to try to try to try to try to try to try to try to try to take the language.
It was not until -- for example, 1887, that the India was allowed to be able to close the expensive words that they were told in the paradigm camera in the paradigm.
And all of this was because of the value of a guy with the name of the name of Brazil Brown, who went up to the Park.
And they got in the Tore of London and they came up, but he had the enough enough to go to them, and at the end he had a computer paradigm in London that they do.
And just a few years later, we had the first use of the principle of the principle and the bank that was like the metaphor."
Most of them think it's living.
It's not. It's for a definition of the experience of the experience.
But to show you really how the words and political politics -- I want you to go back to the United States, right after influence.
So they had to open the question of how to call George Wall, his leader line.
They didn't know.
How do you call a record from a course of a resource?
And this is a design for a long time.
They took all kinds of surprise that might have been failed.
Some of them wanted to call it "The "State State "War," and others and others "Wow, and other Kenyan Wars of the United States Williams.
It doesn't really get up.
Some of them just wanted to call it "Oh."
They thought that it was a quality of reality.
And not even with it, they were construction, they had the idea that you could be written by a paradigm plant.
And I could have been done.
All the world will be increased, because this debate is produced for three weeks.
And he was the day of a poor signal, and I always wrote with this tape?
And what you can get on and the rest of responsibility was in against the Senator.
The Chinese Commission didn't want us to be able to be able to power.
They didn't want to call it the Ross for if he gave him to him or his own ideas.
So they wanted to give them the most modern title and more interesting and more successful than it was happened.
And that term was "Chinacore?
President. They didn't invented the title -- there was no longer before, but it only means someone who would make a record?
It was like the pressure of a colleague.
And I didn't have a lot more great than the term "computer or "Supercomplicated?
And there were all the evidence of small collective and financial factors of government, but it was really a very significant thing.
And that's why the name is a control.
They said, "It's right, we can't call it President?
This guy has to be able to be able to be able to go up with the freedom of freedom from freedom?
And who is going to take a series with a state as much as the United States.
And finally, after three weeks of demonstration, the Sentim didn't exist.
We can learn three interesting things about all this.
First of all, and this is my favorite to where I've been able to figure out, the name has never been able to be done by the Talk of President.
The President Bang Bang has enough to keep out there, waiting to the Senator between action.
The second thing that we can learn is that when a government says that a measure is technology, --  -- that we are able to expect 12 years more.
But the third thing that we can learn -- and this is the most important thing, and this is what I want to leave you, is that the United States.
And over all if you have more than 500 nuclear causes to device -- the biggest economy of the world and a flower of virtual virus and so on.
The reality and history.
So at the end of the Senator.
They got their responsibility of responsibility here.
And also the other understanding of the Senator, the supercondition of subjective, well, it was a season for then.
But you know how many neurons have now present?
And all because they want to sound like the guy who has the 500 nuclear causes and so on.
So at the end of the Senator and the camera of resources lost it, because no one is going to feel humanity when they tell them that they are now the U.S.
And I think that's the big lesson that we can learn -- and that I would like to leave you.
The politics are trying to choose and use the words to give it and control the reality but really, the most modern reality.
Thank you very much.
I am 45 to a land in a mission of Ghana.
The air is carrying and public and it is hard to go to it.
I feel the red bodies in the dark -- but I can't see much more.
I put voices that talk about, but about all of that collection of the mass and powerful particles with private tools.
And as the others, I took a standard short line on the head of the head with this extra electricity, and I can just give you the areas of the areas of that hole of a month that has a hundred meters on the Earth.
And it turned out my hand and suddenly I remember a moment that I met the day before I lost the control and heavy installation in that time.
And as I talk to you today, these men are in the deep of that home to record their lives without pay and and often die.
And I went out of that home and I went home, but they might never do it, because they are about the school.
In the last 24 years I was given natural culture in more than 60 countries in six countries, and in 2009, I had the great honor to be the only home in the Columbia of the Paul Park.
And among all the amazing people I met there I met to an intervention of "The "States -- a NASA that is going to make the modern school.
So we started talking about school, and I actually started to learn about school because I knew that there was in the world but not at the world.
And when we ended up talking to me a lot about me to talk to me very bad.
And I was made by the stage and weeks later, I went to the London to know the direction of "The "State "The Singapore and I would give it my help.
So I started my journey to modern school.
It was already been in many of these sites.
Some of all, even I would consider my second home.
But this time, I would see the solar states.
And a creative cell says that there are now over 24 million people in the world.
It is the amount of the amount of African Africa in the whole area of transformation state.
150 years ago, the cost of a high school was about about three times the side of a United States.
The equivalent to about 50 percent.
And yet, you can be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to focus on the groups by the 19th control of 18 18.
It turns out the school gets a lot of more than 13 billion dollars a year around the world.
Many of them have been involved with bad education of good education.
Today, the school is going on in the forest, the good problems have value -- but who produce them are directly.
The scale is in almost everybody in the world and yet it's illegal around the world.
In India and New people, I met the holes of the landscapes.
And this kind of strange and it was just like to go to the old English or the Industrial Red.
In a terror of 44 Chinese, men, women in fact, in fact, in fact, in the fact that they were going to get up in a very short side of particular -- analyzed metal methods in their head.
And we developed for the movement and the song work in silence, doing this task over and over again for 16 or 18 hours a day.
There were no pattern to eat -- not to go up, and the desperate would have been able to be able to be quite interested.
And so they were the heat and the police that my camera became too close to the act and I left to work.
Every 20 minutes I had to go back to the car to call the team and make it work with a complete air to take it up, and sitting there, I thought, my camera has a much better treatment than these people.
And I was going back in the ants I wanted to read but the adult that was going to my side of my side, and he said, "You don't do it. You don't do it.
And I was very clearly that I'm going to show you emotions is very dangerous in places like this, not just for me but for them.
I couldn't be able to be able to give you a different help.
I couldn't give you money.
I was not a city of that country.
I could put them in a better situation that they were already going to be.
I had to focus on "The Singapore and work inside the system for his freedom and I trust you to get it.
At the time I hope to get home to feel my heart heart.
In the History, I found children who have been able to be able to be able to be able to look at miles for a lot of mountains that would wait down.
Those big plants were more likely than the children who were going to get them and the children are going to get them to their head with care care data made and drivers and drivers.
It's hard to be able to be able to make something so applied.
How can we invest in something so much, but so something else?
Some of you don't even know that they are scales -- and they work 16 or 18 hours a day, because this has been like this.
They don't have anything with what to compare it.
And when these laws came up with their land, the schools were going to get up their home.
When I hear the word word we often think about sexual treatment and because of this global consciousness I was born to me that would be difficult to me to work in this particular business.
In Kenya.
They came up with a little bit of adults that they were going to have to take this soldier state, to take light light.
It wasn't exactly a surface.
It was more good at the time.
Recently, as you know in the office -- they are local for the factory property.
They have small water, private water, where you have the scales with their girls and kids, some of the only seven years -- they're forced to get into the colleagues and to help them buy more food and analysis.
Every single thing is dark and subjective, you know for a number of people on the wall.
The workers often come up with sex seasons in their clients.
And in the beginning, I remember to have felt a strange task and at that sense, I could never imagine what it should be to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to
I only had a signal: the scale of where it comes in.
There were no dangerous doors.
There were no big enough enough as to try to.
Those people don't have a scale and because we take a very difficult issue -- it's important to be able to point out that school, even the sexual traffic is happening to our around.
There are hundreds of people who have been done in nature -- in resources, in the dark service and the list can continue it.
And remember, the New York Times takes that between 100 and 300 American children are sold every year as sexual scales.
And we don't see it.
The temperature is another activity that we often get on with the side of the scale work.
And I was looking at an Indian lines where there were families in the food of the signal.
This is a family.
The hands of black hands are from the father -- the terrorists of blue and red from your children.
You know, you know, you can see them in these big banks and survive the side in the speed to the experts, but the street is transportation.
And my interest told me his stories.
We have not recorded?
We are still going to be able to go out of this house one day and go to another place where we really pay our work.
It was just that there are more than 400 children in the Virginia land, the largest artificial land in the world.
When we came in, I went to take a quick thing.
I saw what it looks like to be a piece of fish in a boat -- two beautiful bones, some more young children -- it has sense right?
Excellent. They were all scales.
The children are surprised from their favorite families -- and they were going to work and work to work.
This child has eight years old.
When our boat was used to come up with the street that his little control was extraordinary.
I was involved by the fear of the water.
And the problems of the traditional trees of the transition of the subject of the Verence will often make networks and children and families, and with fear -- they get back to the water for the water.
So many of them will get up.
Since I remember it has always been forced to work on the floor.
By the end of his love -- it's not going to take and as all life has been trying to be able to be able to be able to be able to control the most young scales under their own.
I met these guys at the top five in the morning, when they were going back the last networks -- but they had been working from a one one of a one of a one of a one of a one of a one of a one of a one of a one of a one of a one of a one of a one of a one of the
It was in the night and service and sea.
And it has to make out that these networks spend more than 400 miles when they are made of fish.
I want to introduce you.
Koran was responded in a plant of fishermen.
I met it in a decision that "I was going to be a record that I was recorded to the school of school.
King saved the possible.
Who will get to be thank you for someone decided to make the difference in your life?
It was going through a care in Ghana with sound with "The Singapore stage, a state business with his kind of representation and survival of our car and survived the virus.
We asked us to do it for a land of land to the season.
At the end of the way, I tried to go out of the car, and he asked him to the control that was going to be really quickly.
And then I read this series and he said, "This is the way, this is the way -- this is the way.
And as we started to go down, we took the tools that were looking at the way and after walking about a time we found that the way was killed by the recent records, so I put the team of pictures about my head as we get in these water to the period.
After two hours of food, the way I was able to end up in a clear -- and we had a mass of holes that I could be able to know in a field of fire, and all of them were full of static work.
A lot of women had the children who have been used to their spaces, and while they were looking at the order, they were going on in the water they were going on with the media.
The market is used in the process.
These guys are used in a piece in another part of Ghana.
When they came out of the period they were excited in their own surface.
I remember he looked at his eyes saved, income, because many had been under the land for 18 hours.
People have up to 90 feet and these people will make baseball banks that then will be transformed to another area in which they will be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to
First of all, the site seems to be full of strong men and professionals, but if we look at more of close to the way we see to work to other applies and as well.
They are all visions of relationships, diseases and violence and violence.
In fact, it is very likely that this machine ended up like this vision of the transportation and the market for a few years.
This is Mars. When he died his father his father took him to work with him in the hands.
When I would die your day, I meant the deception of what it would force to be scale in the hands.
When I met it, I had worked in the age of 14 years and the leadership of the legs that you see here is a product of an accident.
And as well as it has the state of it, and I don't know that it is analyzed to work night and day at that way.
Even like this, he goes up with being limited and expensive with local artists like "Arab Chinese -- and it's this kind of definition, to help a relative possibility -- what I'm inspired by a lot of answer.
I want to turn light on school.
They knew that their images would be seen by you around the world.
I wanted you to know that we will be able to give them a lot of them and we will do everything possible to help change their lives.
I just believe that if we can look at each other as human beings, then it becomes very hard to fly things like school.
These images are not recording -- they are from people -- the real people, like you and like me, who are getting the same rights and designer and respect in their lives.
There is no day that I know that I don't think about these beautiful people.
I hope that these images will take a force in who you see them, in people like you, and I hope that that force is going to be a fire and that that picture is going on on the scale because without that light.
Thank you very much.
I make a profile material and there is a personal problem for who you do it, we are like the search controls.
Nobody knows what we do.
So today I'm going to try to tell you what I do.
The dance is one of the most humans.
It takes us the virus of the bank and the limitation of the classroom --  that we will look at a lot more.
But the bank takes a degrees of extraordinary training -- a high level of destruction and probably certain anti-profit activist that you can have a genetic computer.
It really seems the neurons like the bad of Palestines are able to make this extraordinary ability -- as it does with my friend John Sunday that in his time, it was a vision of balloon bank.
In the last few years it has been made a lot in the treatment of it.
However, there are seven million people in the world that are disease, and they have to deal with a straight discovery, terms and other systems of this disease, so we need objects to detect the disease before it is too later.
We need to measure the progress in the reason and the only way that we know if there is really a culture to be when we have a bad market and the third thing.
But it is found that for Paris and other terms of the movement there are no biological markets, that's why they don't have the surgery of blood and the best thing we have is a nervous level of 20 minutes.
You have to go to a cell to do it. It's very, very expensive -- and that means that it was from the clinical trials -- you never do.
And what if the patients could do it at home.
That will save a difficult journey to the clinical -- what if the patients could be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be
You don't need personal people.
By the way, it costs about 300 dollars in the nervous level.
And so what I want to show you as a way that I don't have to try to try to try to try and you see, in a certain sense, we are all seen as my friend John Solar.
This is a video video of the visual records.
It shows someone in the same hand, as I put sound to talk about, and we can imagine as a little bit of a local ball because we have to drive all those local organs to produce sounds and all of us all have the genes and the experiments.
And as the bank, it requires an extraordinary level.
So let's think about the time that led to a child to talk about.
From the sound of the sound -- we can make the position of the visual releases as you see, and as the Paris affect the expensive, it also affect the local organs as well.
In the bottom of the bottom you can see an example.
We see the same systems?
Virlibute technology, democracy and record.
The device becomes more likely and adding after a car, and this is an example of the symptoms.
How do they compare these experts based on the voice with the college college trials -- well, both of them are not investigating.
It is not investigating -- they're not investigating.
You don't need to design a whole series of hospitals to do it.
And both of them are presentation. Okay, but you can see the eyes based in voice are not space.
I mean, you can be additional.
They do very quickly, they take about 30 seconds like a lot.
They are on the bottom and we all know what happens to happen.
When something gets a cost so low -- it comes to the marine scale.
These are a few amazing members to adapt.
We can reduce the distribution of patients.
It would not be going to go to the color for the corruption of the article.
And with the high rate of high science we could get the objective data.
We could be able to make a lot of moral control for clinical trials and for the first time, cheap factors to the general scale.
We have the opportunity to start to look for the first beauty of the disease before it is too later.
And so when I give you the first step in that sense, we're getting the Virtual English English.
And I went to San and Palestines, we want to reduce a lot of voices around the world to pick up enough data and start to address these objects.
We have local lines for a few million people in the world.
Anyway, with or without Paris, can call it under the price and let me go up for a few centers, and I was going to realize that we already have five percent of the goal in only eight hours.
Thank you.   Tom Robert: So Mars, taking all of these shows -- we say 10 people, you can say who is healthy and who isn't it?
What do you get out of these streets?
Mark Link, yes, yeah, what happens is that during the call you have to figure out if you have or not the disease.
MT: You see, some people can not spend it. You may not eat it.
But we're going to get a very large show of data in different corals, and do it in different creatures is important because we're looking for the food of the confidence of the consequence of the disease of the disease.
CA: Do you have 80 percent of pressure in this moment.
MT: A lot more than that.
In fact, my study Texas, I have to put it up, has done a fantastic job and now has shown that it works in the mobile phone of mobile phone as well, and now we have a 99 percent pressure -- now we have a percent.
CA: Now nine and nine -- well, it's a better.
MT: Of course.
CA: Thank you very much. Mars Line, public plant.
MT: Thank you.
And before I went out of 1980, I made pictures in the city of New York City.
We are presenting crisis, free.
We take us in the dark, in high without viruses and so on, we put the solar light.
We make the democratic models still even more designers, the perfect skin still more perfect we do the impossible thing, and they would grow us in the present all the time, but some of us are really artists with a lot of an experience with many years of experience, and a real thing.
And the 11 percent of the 2010, I saw from my house as the rest of the world, the rest of the world that happen in Japan in Japan at all.
So a few time later, an organization where it was visualizing, there was Hawkin Vietnam, was in the place working as part of the answer.
I mean, together with hundreds of others we knew that we couldn't get sitting in home, so I decided to go back to the group for three weeks.
The 13 percent of them came to Mars.
This is a little piece of fish of fishing in the present of almost 50 people, one of the first people who are affected by the sun.
The level of water water.
As you can imagine, the village was developed.
We are going to be able to be able to be able to get the control and the streets.
We took schools -- we take the side and we leave the ready house to be released and released.
We just take the statement and the death statements of death death, and so on.
We went up and love us.
For weeks, so much of them like the neighbors found similar things.
They found pictures and thousands of pictures and cameras and cars and the Health streets.
They all did the same thing.
They will take them back and take them into different places from all around the people to get them.
It was not until then I realized that those pictures would represent a huge part of the personal loss that those people had come out.
As you go out of the room, and to save their lives, they had to get absolutely all they have.
At the end of my first week I started to help in a center of the people.
It helps to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to call the big balls of battery.
This place turned out to be the place of the village where the center of the education is right to the picture.
And there they were doing it and I had the honor that that day is going to trust me in me to be able to get the picture.
This was exciting and inspired -- I had heard the experiment to think beyond the hours, but it was not until I was going up with my hours that something happened.
When you look at the pictures -- I found some of you who had more than a hundred years old, some of them were still in the top of the lab -- I couldn't try to think about how to fix that factory and represent a hundred of people who could do the same thing.
So that night I found in Facebook with some of them, and at the next morning the answer was so adaptive and positive -- that I knew we had to try it.
So we started to play the picture.
This was the first of all.
It was not too much, but where the water had developed the face of the girl had to be able to get a lot of pressure and detecting it.
In the other way, that girl would not have the aspect of her, and that would be as traditional as having the private picture.
With the time of the time, they came up for the more pictures and they were getting more release and they were going to go back in Facebook and Lincoln and five days later about 80 countries of 12 countries made up to help.
At two weeks I had 150 weeks, I had 150 people who have been able to go down.
In Japan in Japan, we move to Republican, a neighborhood at the night of David.
Once we use our week in the week, we use our team in the particular photos that had gone in, where people were going to recognize their picture.
The time that they were going to be able to put them up is a different story -- it depends of the responsibility of the pictures of the picture.
I could imagine a hours. I could make weeks a few weeks old.
I could make months.
And this guy had to be able to draw by hand using the areas whose color and detect the water there was no destroy.
I took a long time.
The water developed all these paradigm pictures in water water, collecting bacteria -- even with application, all of the time with the time of the time with the time of the time.
We couldn't play the picture at least that it was clearly, and I would have been responsible for her day.
We had to go up with the chair by hand.
We heard with the water of a sticked sea.
It's very easy to give even more the pictures that we have to give up.
As he said once once said, the leader of my group is how to make a street.
You can't make extraordinary.
The woman who brought us these pictures out there in relationship to picture.
I had started to call them her same but he went out to realize that it was even more.
I also had discovery.
Without them, the images of their husband and their own face would not have been able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be a picture in a single picture and reduce the whole picture.
When I grew up his pictures share some of his story with us.
And a few colleagues of his husband found the pictures in a state of bombs between the statement of where it used to be their house, but their colleagues got it.
And the day of the team, his husband was the spinning of close to the side.
He had to go inside the water while the services were going on.
His small children -- not so small now, but their two children were in the color, in different things.
One of them was standing on the water.
He took a week to find all his family and know that they had all come out.
The day I put up his pictures his son his son born 14 years old.
For it, despite all of this, those pictures were the best sure I could do it, something that he could come to look at -- something that I could remember from the past that I had not been killed by that day when everything in his life changed or was destroyed.
After six months in Japan 130 tons had been used to there who had been used to have a hundred hundred hundred hundreds of them help us to take more than a lot more than a lot more than a lot more than a lot more than a lot more than a lot more than a lot more than a lot more than a lot more than a lot of
More than 500 values around the world helped us to go back to 90 family hundreds of pictures of pictures and released.
And for this time, we really don't spend more than 1,000 in team and materials -- most of them in terms of improvisions.
So we take pictures of it.
A picture is a remember of someone or something -- a place -- a relationship -- somebody wanted it.
They are surrounding of our resources and stories -- the last thing that we would take to us, but the first thing we were going to look for.
And this was about this project, to be able to make small pieces of humanity to give someone their connection with the past.
When a picture like this is going to someone -- it turns out a huge difference in the life of the person who got it.
This project also took a great difference in the life of records.
Some of them connected them to something bigger -- to give it something, using their talent for something that are not being able to be a perfect skin model.
In order to end up to read this electric control, I sent it up with the day I came from Japan after six months.
As I said, I couldn't start thinking about people and stories showed in the images.
A particular picture with women of different citizens from the bank to the small girl to the small girl -- you get up around a baby -- I was like, because a picture of my family of my family -- my mother -- my mother -- I was going on and my daughter record of our wall.
In the entire world, in all of our basic needs are the same thing, right?
Thank you.
And I gave us the extra intervention to us and quality with this picture of a bank that takes a park in a speed of just a billion second.
But now, 50 years later, we can go a million times faster and see the world not to a million or a billion dollars per second.
So I present a new kind of photograph -- the physical, a new techniques that can create video video in the movement of the light.
And with that we can create cameras that you can see after the community, beyond the line of vision or see the inside of the body without using X-ray bones, and they really understand the idea of camera in the idea.
If you take a leader and I would get it up and put it up in a trillion of second or it is, in a number of future to create a picture of a picture of the side of the side of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of an area of an area of an area of a
And that piece of pictures -- that bank, to travel the speed of light, and again, a million times faster than a common battle than a common language.
So if we take that base and this pattern of pictures and we were going to go on this boat, how are those pictures in the bottom of this boat?
What is the aspect of the light in carbon card?
Now, all of this --   remember that all of this happens in less than a second is what it takes to travel the light.
But this video is 10 billion times later so you can see the light in movement.
Competition doesn't use this research --  -- a lot of things in this film -- to give this information to show what is going on.
The park, our balloon, in the bottom with a piece of pictures that starts to bring it into and that, in the beginning of the beginning to stay in.
This is part of the light -- it goes to the table, and we started to see these advances.
Many of the pictures finally come to the transport and then they explain in various direction.
As you can see, there is a air of air that is on the inside of it.
And at that time, the bees travel on the table and because of the restaurants of the surgery you see in the bottom of the boat, after various streets, that the rest of the records will come on.
Now, if we take a common basis and the right and we make the same distance and we see it in camera to about 10 billion times, how much you think that would take us to see that film?
One day -- a week. Actually, every year.
It would be a very dark film --  -- of a ball ball in movement.
And what is that going to be going to be able to do with death?
You can see the workers that are going out of the table and the wall and the wall of the forest.
It's just like to bring a piece in a state.
It's the way nature asked a picture -- I thought, from a family at the time, but of course, our eyes see an international computer.
But if you look at one more time, you will realize that as the light will be able to come out of the size -- it is not surprised.
Why? Because the language is motivated and the red light in their inside and it comes back back after several billion second.
In the future, when this phenomenon is in their mobile molecules, you can go to the surface and to see if the Africa is motivated without having to play it.
So why do we create this camera at MIT?
As a photograph -- you know, if we take a picture to the expert of expertise, in a very little light.
But we are going to make a billion times faster than the most expensive experience, so they are just going to get some light.
We took that bank, that particular particular particular, millions of times, and we did one and again and again with a very strong room, we took those data of data and we put them completely to create those pictures that I showed you.
So we can take all of those data and protect them in interesting way.
It can be able to fly up.
So others can become invisible.
And if a new power of a nuclear future would allow him to see after the limits?
The idea is that we could bring some light on the door -- Report, will go to the room, a part of it is going to grow on the door -- and from the camera to the camera.
Where we could be able to make those massive relationships of light.
It's not science science -- we've already built it.
On the left, it's our face.
And behind the wall there is a man and we will take the light on the door in the door in the body.
After the position of our article in New College.
And a small factory of the pictures will go back to the camera but right now, in a lot of different time.
And as we have a camera that works like this, our face, it has unique capacities.
It has very good technology and you can look at the world to the speed of light.
So we know the differences up to the door and also to the hidden objects but we don't know what it does is what it does is what it is.
When you try to be able to get a picture of a picture that you see in the screen -- you don't really have any sense.
But we're going to take a lot of images like this, tens of images -- we will get them and try to save the mass of light, and with that, we can see the object of the high corner of the high corner."
Can we see it in 3D 3D.
This is our research.
We have things to explore before we take this out of the lab, but in the future, we could create cars that are going on with what's going on with what it is to the center of the curve.
Or we could look at the solar conditions looking at the light.
Or we could build control able to see the inside of the body.
But of course, because of the tissue and the blood this is pretty difficult -- so this is actually a question to the scientists so that they start thinking about the phenomenon as a new model of vision to solve the problems of the next generation of the next generation of the next generation of the next generation of the next generation.
So like David Eastern, he was a scientist -- it became the science in art.
I realized that all of the galaxies of data that we remember is not just for scientific violence, but we can can be able to be able to be scientists but that we can be able to be able to be scientists -- but we can be able to be able to be scientific visions.
It will create a new form of computer photograph with camera and code of colors and collection.
And let's look at those waters. They remember the time between each of those workers is just about a few seconds.
But here is also something fun.
If we look at the water under the room, these are a lot of us.
The bees should move to us.
What happens here?
It turns out that as we are getting almost about the speed of light -- we have strange effects -- and Einstein would have love to see this picture.
The order is that the events in the world sometimes it seems to invest in the camera in the camera in the world.
And I was able to be able to be able to be able to run space and time, we can take this distribution.
It's time. Thank you.
Hey. This is my mobile phone.
A cell can change life, and you give you individual life.
And with a molecule that can be able to photograph a crisis against humanity in Service.
With a molecule you can take a message and put a project in England.
With a molecule you can be able to be able to be able to put it to San and make a famous one.
All of this is possible.
I am a 19th child in the city of Berlin.
Let's go back to that moment, to this city.
So here you can see how hundreds of thousands of people were going to be looking at a change.
This is the 1980s -- imagine if all these people who have been looking at a change of a change, they had a molecule in the police.
Who of the people have a phone here?
Let them read.
They reach your mobile melts, they reach them.
Let me give you a British Angele, a Bangaras.
It's a lot -- almost all of you today have a mobile level.
But today I'm talking about me, from my mobile and how I changed life.
I'll talk about this.
These are 35 dollars of information.
You know, data in brain.
Why is that information there?
Because in the summer of 2008, the College of the United States, the United States.
The December of Daniel Detroit.
And this direction says that every single European company, every single test of the Internet of the whole Europe, has to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to take
Who I call what I was going to come to you.
Who had a text to you.
And if we use the molecule where we are.
And all of this information is taken for at least six months, and for two years, in their phone company or its private principle.
And in the entire Europe people were planet, and he said, "We don't want this.
They said they didn't want this data.
We want the authority in the digital and we don't want the phone to the Internet and the Internet.
There were dragons, services, streams, they all said, "We don't want this.
And here you can see a few thousand people who came to the streets of Berlin and they said, "Look, don't teach?
And some even said that this would be the State 2.
The State was the secret police of Art Africa.
And I also asked me if this works.
Can you take all this information about us?
Every time you use the molecule?
So I asked my phone to my phone Leonardo, which was at that time that was the largest phone company that I was going to put up all the information that they had about me.
And I asked them once one time, and I was going to ask them, and I didn't get a creative answer -- it was all blog, blood.
But then I said, I want to have this information because you are putting my life.
And so I decided to put it up with a collaborative design because I wanted to have this information.
But Denmark Tomos said, no, we don't give you this information.
And at the end we were able to go up with a recently.
And I was going to give me the design and they send me the information that I did.
And as I was so much, the Arab Congo Congress failed the intervention for the lab of the diagram of the United States.
So I got this fish on a computer with a CO2 inside a CO2.
And at CO2 there was this.
And three and five thousand dollars a little bit of information.
At the beginning I saw them and I said, well, it's a huge article. Okay.
But after a time I realized that it's my life.
There are six months of my life in this arm.
It was a little specifically, what should you do with that?
Because you can see where I am -- where the night, what I'm doing.
But then I said, I want this information.
I want to make it public it.
Because I want to show you the people what the data.
And so I went to Zeal English and New David, we did this.
This is a six months of my life.
You can be able to get up and followed and go back and down.
You can see every step I know.
And you can see how I am from Francisco in train to Colombia, and with what I can call in the transport.
All of this is possible with this information.
That gives a little bit of fear.
But it's not just about me.
But all of us.
First, there are things like, I call my wife and she called me a couple of times.
And then I call me some friends and they call it between them.
And then you call the other, and the other one to the other, and we ended up with this great network of communication today.
You can see how their people are communicate to each other.
You can see all this.
You can see the centers, the leaders of the group.
If you have access to this information, you can see what the society.
If you have access to this information, you can control their society.
This is a model for countries like China and Iran.
This is a model to study the form of your society, because you know who I talk to who -- who gave you a magnetic to who all of this is possible if you have access to this information.
And this information goes up at least six months in Europe, and for two years.
As I said to the beginning, imagine if all these people in the streets of Berlin, in the 19th streets -- they had a cell in the police.
And the State had been knew who was involved in this protect -- and if you have been knew who the leaders were the leaders -- this never had happened.
The Earth of Berlin may never have happened.
And at the way, I don't have the whole Country of the Higgs.
Because today.
They want to have the possibility to follow our lives and they want to be able to take them up for the time.
But the authority and live in the digital was not a control.
But today you have to fight the authority.
You have to fight for that to a day.
When they go home to your friends that the private is a value of the 20th century, and it's not going on.
When you go home, you give her to your responsibility that just because the companies and the stars can take a certain information, they don't have to do it.
And if you don't believe me, you think to his phone company -- what information to you.
So in the future, every time you use their molecules that are going to be able to remember that they have to fight the authority in the digital world.
Thank you.
Hello TED, what happened?
It's not enough.
Hello TED, what happened?
And I call me Mars Zealing and I'm not a film, but I know the doctor I brought to the world.
I went back to my mother six times in six different direction.
As a result, I have a brain particle, so I have the whole time.
Look at it.
It's a stranger. I'm like a mission of San Santa.
And Mars All.
Dr. Chinese.
It's not controlled or it can be able to get up.
No one made my mother out of my mother and I didn't put it up because my parents were early beautiful, although they are.
It just happens for actions, like the ones that happened to do.
Now, I'm going to take you, I am not a source of inspired -- and I don't want any of the present of the present people.
It feels wrong for me, because at some point of life, you've wanted to be discovering.
Let's go out of it.
You know, a foundation of National, they are in the commercial center -- they are going to be able to look at statement and what do you see.
16 places for discovery.
And you think, God, I can be at least a little bit of a little distance?
And also, I tell you, I have 99 problems -- and Dr. Chinese. It's just one of them.
So there is a computer of the presentation, I would make the drug market.
I am particularly, massive, woman and lived in New Jewish.
If you don't feel better, maybe they should do it.
I'm from Paris Christians, in New Jewish.
I always love that my back and my disease.
I also love that if I wanted to walk out of my house to New York City.
A lot of people with brain paradigms don't walk up, but my parents don't believe in the "You can't be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be can.
The face of my father was, "You can make it down?
And if my three older sister sharks, I was coming up.
And if my three times they were going to go to public school, my parents took to the school system, and they realized that I was also going on and if we don't know all the news of my mother -- we all get the subject of my mother.
My father taught me to walk for five years to put my tasks in his feet and just walking on.
Another thing that I used was to make a dollar in front of me so that I would get it.
The surprise I took in it was very strong and it was very strong and
Yes, the first day in the freedom of antibodies was walking like a bit of goal that has got a lot of galaxies.
When I grew up, there were only six degrees in my city and were all of the family.
Now there are 20 Roberts, and they still get all of the family.  I think no one realized that we were not an ancient.
This was before 18 and that policy would be able to be able to use "Mandela to the machines as a computer sea.
The people who grew up had no problems with my faith with me.
It doesn't seem to be a lot of a lot that would die in the market during the arm.
I told you that he had enough enough to live three months without eat -- so I will go out of the record is very easy.
Bar taken in Brazil.
Yes, in Brazil. It's crazy --  My parents couldn't pay the physical third -- so I was given to the discovery of the day.
I learned to do with collaborators, or that I can walk out with colleagues.
I am from New Jersey, and there we want to be there, so if my friends were used to take them, I too.
And when my friends were going to go back to the virus visions in the cost of Jerusalem, I was not going to be.
I was going to go up in a war of war, because my parents take that if we don't go back to Palestine all of them, we would become Mars.
And in the summer values of my father I was trying to get up, so I was going out of the subject, and I was put out of high schools in the space, and I remember that the water took me my eyes and I thought, "Oh, workers, work?
But the military culture was the play.
I have to say that it is very dangerous, but before I do it was a stage of subject that I could not be able to put out of the story that I couldn't be able to put out of the story.
And now I can stay on the head.
My parents took this idea that I could do anything -- that no dream was impossible and my dream was to be in the Holiday Holiday Leonardo.
I went to the college by the positive discovery and I got a bank for the United States, University of the state of the state of the state of the state of Arabic, because I was going in all of them.
It was like the lab of the terrorist device.
They all love me.
I did all of the streets of the less smart -- I took the next thing in my class.
Every time I was doing a stage of the crisis of the crime of my teachers they were going on.
But I never got a paper.
Finally, in my last year, the United States decided to make a work called Bank very high in Japanese.
It's a piece of a girl with a brain paradigm.
I was a little girl with the brain.
So I started to feed the four videos: "The end will have a paper?
I have brain paradigm?
At the end of the book?
Thank you for God, at the end of the end of a book?
I didn't get the paper --  they gave it to Shanda Brazil.
I was going to figure out that I was going to be able to go back to the diagram of the terrorist, which is sent as if someone would have killed my car, to ask me why and she told me that because she thought it could not make the risk scales.
And I said, "Well, if I can't do the risk schools, you can not do the character."
It was a paper for which I literally had been born and they gave it to an area without a brain.
The college was taking my life.
Hello has a story of able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to discover distributions for discovery.
When I was going back home, I went home, and my first act was kind of the end of a terrorist.
My dream became reality.
And I knew that it would be a "State "short from "Please friend in a solution.
In change, I was there as a flag, I didn't see me more than the one, and it was an evidence for me that the record directions were not going to be able to find a straight artists, not white and distribution.
They just found perfect people.
But there were except to the rules.
I grew up looking at Bang George, Robert Berk, Liberian, and all these women had one thing in common -- they were completely completely.
And so I made me handle.
In my first he took the famous children in New York New York to New Yorker, and I would never forget the face of the first code that I took when I realized when I was going to go up with the authority of New Jersey with a control that had a brain paradigm.
I worked in the United States of all the United States, and also in the West in the United States.
Some people say that I'm the first movement in the Arab world.
I never like to pick up the first place, but I know that you never heard that little record record that says women are not fun.
In 2009, my brother of another mother and father -- David Daniel, and I was able to take the French of the New York New York, now in her 10 York -- year.
Our goal was to change the negative image of the Americans in the media in the media and at the time to remember the directions of responsibility that surfaces and Robert are not similar.
It was going to be a lot more easy than fight the challenge of the state of discovery.
So my great opportunity came in in 2010,
I went as I went into the note of the news -- he goes back back with Kenya Barrier.
And I went up as if I went to a piece of adult, I went to a study and sat on a study and sat in a street in the world.
And I looked at the diagram, and I said, "Lean, can you give another single side?
She looked at me and said, "Yes, four, three, two, two.
And we were in life.
So I'm going to get up to the beginning of the beginning to not go out of the screen during the secret, and when I ended up the intervention, I was positive.
At the end I had my opportunity and development. I knew that they wouldn't come to me.
But not just Dr. Allian came back to invest, but I was like a positive time and I put my side.
So something that I learned in direct with George Net was that people in the Internet are started.
It says that children are creatures, but they never came out of me or a little bit of more or a little bit.
All of a sudden, my distribution in the Internet was coming out of it.
And I look at climate climates on the way as you say, "Why do you expect?
It's release?
And my favorite factory, "Mandela transportation.
What does it mean?
We really should be able to look at it.
And a financial film was even going to be able to add my discovery to my career: addition, and particular.
The device is as visual as the right.
If someone in the bomb can't do Berting, then Benjamin can't make someone in the single side.
The discoveries are the day, yes, speed, man.
We are the largest mind of the world, and the most results in the world.
The doctors said it would not walk up, but I'm here in front of you.
However, to have grew up with the media of communication -- I don't think it was.
I hope that together we can create more positive images of the distribution in the media and in the food life.
Maybe if there were more positive images -- that would make less hate in the Internet.
Or maybe not.
Maybe we need all the society to teach our children.
My own journey has led me to very specific places.
I was going to walk through the red rock for the diameter of the Telescope Steve and the Law Law Arabic.
I got to act in a film with Alice San and to work with my day, the incredible David Mars.
And I would remember the world to save "The Roses have become literature?
I was released in the rest of the great state of New Jerusalem in the CO2 of the 2010.
And I said, "The children of Mars, an organization organization to give kids a single part of what my parents gave me.
It was the only time my father saw me to act in life, and I gave it this talk to his memory to his memory here.
(Audience: (Audience:
I call me Mars Galania, and if I can, you can also be able to be can.
I would like to tell you a story about a child of a small place.
I don't know his name but I know his story.
I live in a little village to the South Singapore.
This person is near Mars.
And the secret is a little bit of the little people to poverty and the order of the invention.
No nothing for him there, it's going to the big city, in this case, Mars, the Carter of Santa.
When it comes there, there is no opportunities -- there is no work, or a future.
He was just living in a car in the city of Mars.
And then after a year, nothing like a year, anything.
One day you get a guy who has been able to take it back to it, then I would go up, and I would get to determine.
It knows a group of people, which gives you a description.
It gets a little bit of money so that it was bought new money, money to send home to their family.
They put a young one.
It's finally home.
It starts a new life.
It has a life.
A beautiful day in Mars, under a blue sky.
That child of that little people with the big quality was the surface of the surface -- and that different group of people were at the South, a traditional organization connected with the Talk.
So how about a child of a little girl trying to get their dream in the city in the city.
He was waiting on.
I was waiting for an opportunity -- waiting to start to start their future, waiting for a future, and this was the first thing that came to it.
This was the first thing that I heard about what we call the performance person?
And their story is done in terms around the world.
This is the story of the markets, young people who have been able to make directions in Johnson, and they have distributed distributions in London, that look at something beyond the "percent of the waiting?
For young people, the process of the city, the great dream of the city is the opportunity of the opportunity of work, but the young people who are not going to be able to be able to be protected in their cities.
It's often the subject that comes out of the most high rate rate together.
By 2010, three of every five people who live in cities will be less than 18 years.
If we don't include young people in the growth of our cities, if we don't give them opportunities -- the story of the "percent spectrum, the deal of access to violence, to violence -- to the passwords, to be the story of the cities.
And in my city, Mars, 80 percent of the young young people are designed.
80 percent doesn't work, not going to school.
They don't do anything.
I went back to Mars last month and I went to visit the Maria March, the hospital where I was born on.
I remember to be at that hospital hospital to think, and if I had never been able to get it?
And if I had seen me to be in that same "Story "prevent spectrum."
I would have become transformed?
I'm not really sure of the answer.
The reason I was in Mars that month was actually to support a few percent leaders in a computer community.
It goes back to about 90 weeks a little bit.
We sat up and we had an ideas of ideas about the big challenges that face the city.
One of the young people in the room was Alice.
He went to the University of Mars, and he went to the University of Mars.
There was no work.
I remember when he said to me, that because it was a graduate universe, it was the perfect white biology for the San and other traditional organizations to be recovered.
They were looking at people like him.
But this story takes a different way.
In Mars, the biggest thing to come out of the point to the B are the street.
A few years of civil war have developed the visual system, and a collective may be the most easy way to move to move on.
You see an opportunity and the space.
It started a computer company.
It began to be accepted to the local resources who normally couldn't buy them.
I bought 10 minutes, with the help of his family and friends, and his dream is at some time to explain hundreds of objects during the next three years.
Why is this different story.
What do you do to this different story.
I think his ability to identify and take a new opportunity.
It is the computer spirit, and I think the collective space can be the most powerful tool against the "percent of wait."
And I form the young people to be the creatures of economic opportunities that are looking at so distributed.
And you can bring the young people to be entrepreneurs.
I want to talk to you about a young man who came to one of my researchers, Mars Mars, a flower.
I was helped to bring some of the young people in the center of the computer include, and how to be innovation and how to create a culture of the computer influence.
In fact, it is the first flower that Mars has seen in more than 24 years, and so far, until Mars came up, if you wanted to be flowers for your battery, we were used to be sent from the freedom.
If you ask someone -- "What was the last time you see free flowers?
For those who grew up during the civil war, the answer would be, "No.
So Mohn's saw an opportunity.
It started a company of patterns and death design.
I created a farm on the outside of Mars, and he began to grow alternative and lights -- that I was able to solve the hard climate of Mars.
And it started the flower of flowers for balloons, creating forests in the house, and the companies of the city, and now it's working on the created of the first public part of Mars in 24 years.
There are no public parts in Mars.
You want to create a space where the families -- young people, you can go together, and as he says, I will take the professional robots.
And by the way, he doesn't be right because they use a lot of water.
So the first step is to inspired the young people, and in that room, the Media present had a really deep impact in young people.
They have never thought about the beginning of a business.
They had thought to work for a NGO, working for the government, but their story, their innovation really had a strong impact about them.
And I used them to look at their city as a place of opportunity.
And I was going to think that they could be companies that could be activity of change.
For the end of the day, they had no innovation for some of the biggest challenges that face the city.
They were going to do business solutions for local problems.
So, inspired the young people and create a whole culture of the entire hope is really a big step -- but young people need to make their reality.
They need experience.
Do you think of young people with the resources that you need to do that you need to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be
And for me, the collective space is something more than starting a business.
It's to create a social impact.
Mom is not just selling flowers.
I think it's getting hope.
The Park of Peacer, this is how I call it, when it's created to transform the way people see their city.
And you can have a little bit of the street to help to accept and keep the objects for him.
And I gave you the opportunity to be able to be able to be able to be spending the particular person?
These young companies are having a huge impact in their cities.
So my surface is to turn the young people in companies -- they get up and feed their immune innovation, and you will have more stories about flowers and parts of the peace that addicts and "percent of hope.
Thank you.
I was about 10 years old, and I was going to get up with my father in the Arab mountains, an open area to the state of New York City.
It was a beautiful day.
And the forest comes on.
The sun has been able to go up as a vision and not to be in the way that we go on, almost we can imagine that we were the first human beings in taking that Earth.
We got to our field.
It was a control in a rest with a beautiful crazy limit when I discovered something horrible.
behind the cortex there was a surface, from about four feet a little bit of paradigm paradigm paradigm paradigms of plant public papers, and old statement.
And I was an anti-profit, and I was very excited and incredibly constructing.
The careers that were too legs like to do what they had been done, who thought he was going to call your freedom?
That question came up with me, and it's just a little bit.
Who would call our forest?
No matter how or where you get the "unclear], who would call our ball in States?
Who would call our ball in Robert or Park or in London."
So here in New York City. The Department of Sala was our back, to the age of 11 tons of descriptions and two tons of religion and two tons of religion every day.
I wanted to know that as an individual one.
I wanted to understand who makes that work.
What does it feel like to be used and take that care?
So I started a research project with them.
I worked in the companies and walk through their own transportation and he sent people in office and institutions in the whole city, and I learned a lot.
I needed to go into more.
And so I started working as a stream of balance.
Now I don't just travel in the colleagues. I continued them.
And I was able to get the mechanical schools and back the sun.
It was a very private thing and an amazing learning.
They all ask about the solution.
It's there, but it's not as likely as they believe -- and in the days that it's very strong one of you who are really strong to do it.
It costs a lot of to take the weight at the time.
I met people who had worked in it for several years and their bodies continue to get up the weight to take it on the way to take it out of their body box every week.
It's also the dangerous.
And I remember with the office of the Brothers of the restaurant States, is one of the most dangerous conditions of the country, and I learned the right.
You're coming up and go into the traffic all day and they go out to your around you.
They just want to go on, so in the bottom the box is not paying attention to it.
That's very bad for the work.
And also the ball is full of dangerous.
I also learned about how much of the balloon.
When you get out of the cost and you see a city from the past of the food, you can understand that the ball is like a force of nature in it.
I never stop coming back.
It's also like a form of responsibility or college.
It always has to be in movement.
And it's also the state.
It seems to me that the state is especially interviewed because I think the resources of results are the most important way in the streets of the city, for three reasons.
They are the first public health.
If you don't get rid of the definitions and effective and effective every day, this starts to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be a very real ways.
diseases that we had control for decades, and they are going to go back and start to give them to give us a day.
The economy needs them.
If we can't get out of the old thing we don't have space for what the materials of the economy start to do when it is in the conservation that is in the consequence.
I'm not going to leave you for capitalism, just your relationship is just their relationship to it.
And then there is what I call our average depression that I need to.
And with that I mean just to the speed that we used to move in the short time.
We don't think we don't worry about it, and we will not get out of us or we take us out of us with us our care rate of the coast, our balloon balloon.
We use them, we see them, we're going to take us out of them, because we know there is a work of work on the other side that will come out of it.
So today, I want to show you a couple of ways of thinking about the resources that maybe help to reduce the state and put them into that conversation about how to design a sustainable city and human city.
His work, I think, is almost light.
They are on the street every day, in the way.
They use a better in many cities.
You know when you're going to show it.
And their work allows us to do the us.
They're almost a form of advantage.
The flow that keep us to get out of ourselves from ourselves, from our own definitions, our destination, and that food has always to keep a way or another.
One day after the 11 percent of the September of the 1990s, I heard the group of a record field in the street.
And I tried to thank you for doing his work that day in particular, but I started to take it.
And I looked at me and just analyzed, and he said, let's be good.
We're going to be okay.
And I started after that I started to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to look at that man.
It's called Paul -- we work together so many times and we did good friends.
I want to believe that Paul was right.
We're going to be good.
But in our effort to figure out the way that we have in this planet as a species we have to invest and have all the costs -- even the human human cost of the work of work.
And the control researchers, what we think about when we talk about it, they are three percent of the whole amount of restaurants in the nation of the nation of the nation of the nation of the nation of it.
This is a remarkable thing.
So in the flow of their days and their lives, the next one you see someone whose work is to be able to be able to take the ball of you.
It takes a moment to tell you thank you.
My work is focused on the context of thinking about our community life in part of the environment where the architecture was born from the conditions and local transportation.
Today, I took two recent projects as an example of this.
And both of these projects are sitting in extraordinary countries -- one in Ethiopia and the other in Talk.
And as you share the fact that the different animals from different perspective.
The first example started with an invention to design a commercial center of several feet in the capital of Steven, Anderson Adam.
This is the kind of building that showed us as an example, and my team and me, about what we had to design.
At the beginning, the first thing I thought was, "I want to go out?
After looking at some of these buildings there are many in the city we realized that there are three important aspects to go down.
In first, these buildings are almost valuable because they have very big teachers in which people can't give the way to buy things.
And second, you need to make a lot of energy because the record with crisis is going on in the Internet, so it's need a lot of information.
In a city where this shouldn't happen because it's about a terrible climate that goes from 20 to 25 degrees during the year.
And in third place, your aspect has nothing to do with Africa not with Europe.
It's a piece of a place that is so rich in culture.
In our first visit to Europe, I was really able to be able to be able to be the old market that is this structure to the air of the books where thousands of people go and buy things every day to small senses.
There is also that idea of using public space to generate an extra activity to generate it.
And so I thought, that was what I really wanted to design -- not a commercial center of it.
But the question was how to build a building.
The next challenge is present when you get the site, which is based on a lot of a long growth of the city, where a lot of the buildings we now see in the image -- they don't exist.
And it is between two particular streets that are not going to communicate in a hundreds of hundred feet.
So the first thing we did was to create a connection between these two streets -- using all of the building.
And this is going on with an entrepreneurial article that creates a space on the air air in the building that gets up, by their own form of the sun and the land.
And around this space we have opened the idea of the market.
I also thought, how to close the building.
I wanted to find a solution that represents local climate conditions to do.
And I asked me to think about a similar tissue to a care of the ants to allow me to allow the bottom of the air and also from the light.
And then we are inspired in these beautiful parts of the states of the states.
And they have the properties of the fundamental Gulf and this helped me to move the face.
We are building that with these small pieces that are the window that they stop going through the air and the light in a way to the inside of the building.
This is completely with these little colleagues that use the light of the building of the building to avoid the building for the night.
And with these ideas didn't be able to convince the development because they thought, "That's not a commercial center -- it wasn't what we do?
But we all realized that this idea of the market was going to be much more likely than the community center because in the end of it there was more local to sell me.
And then the idea of the factory was much more economic -- not only because of the material in compassion with the video -- but also because it was no longer need to have a control air.
So we got certain seats in the surface that we use to make the project.
The first thing was to think about how to get the energy energy for the building in a city where electricity is almost every day.
And so we got a great advantage to be able to be able to put pictures on the roof.
And then under those pieces we think about the roof as a new public space with areas of record and babies that would create this urban day.
And these parts in the roof, which in a lot of water they get water for the sounds of the Internet.
It was waiting for the first year, because we go through the short step of the construction of the building.
The second example is a call of 200 applications and services in the city of Texas.
And to make a very big project, the biggest thing that I have designed -- I needed not just to understand the city of Tim, but also their environment and the culture.
And during that analysis I put up attention in the measure -- a structure of 100 years of an ancient who was surrounded by a wall with a dog with a dome with a dome with a dome with a little bit of access to the right lines.
When I went to the place, the first set of design that we did was to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to make a 12 similar biological banks in size and care that there is in Kenya.
And as well as that, we get a few things in relationship with the idea of the dangers who are interested with the right lines -- and this makes the private model.
And the last device was to think of the cell -- the little cell cell of the project, like the application, as an essential part of the phone plan of it.
I thought, what would it be the best organization for a space in the market called medicine?
And it's North, because it creates a traditional difference between both side of the house and so a natural version of it.
So we put a school that make sure most of the bees are perfectly excited in that direction.
And this is the result that is almost like a combination of the European white and the Arab city.
It has these balls with patterns, and then in the planet we have all the connections for the people.
And it also respond to local governments that are going to make a greater density in the surface and a less understanding in the bottom of the bottom down.
And it also takes this idea of the doors.
The table, which is my favorite space of the project is almost like to bring the community.
This is where all of them, you can go up and solved and to make activity as a couple of two miles per morning, or save a building to another one.
These two examples have a common approach in the design process.
And also, they're in extreme countries, where you can see the cities literally growing up.
In these cities, the impact of architecture in the life of people change the communities and local economy at the same area that grow the building.
For this reason, I see even more important to look for the architecture looking for simple solutions.
Thank you very much.
When I was eight years old, a new child came to our class -- it was so remarkable -- like you see all the new kids.
I had great amount of very beautiful phenomenon and a little bit of lines, limited. It was surprised for the care of the states -- very good for the states.
I ended up that year and I was full of cells, until I took my own plant.
One day I was a time after the side of school. It was a little bit later, and I got a little bit of the girls of the kids.
When the cost was depending up, I went back in the key room -- I took the table of my teachers the book of the careers.
And then I did.
And I'm going to take the quality of my role, just a little bit like this.
All of the things like this.  And I was going to give me the book to the cardiology, but to see, some of my other companies had very good at all.
So in a freedom, I run the news all over the world, without any picture.
I put all of them and I put up to me a film of like this, just to be there, because I could be there.
I still amazing what I did.
I don't understand how the idea.
I don't understand why I felt good to do it.
I felt important.
I don't understand why I was never going to get up.
It is that it was all an obvious opportunity of it.
They never found me.
But about all of all, I set up the reason why I was coming up with this child, so small -- it was so good for art.
And I was interested by the cells.
They are so minimum and so on.
We know that babies come out of cells.
It also provides the primates. The blue banks are very proud of.
We know that cells are the number one of the number one of the U.S.
And yet, I have never seen a study that uses the solution or the long distance or the space.
And so you have to go to the factory, because governments are like the lab that they study the cells in all their possible.
In fact, I don't know if it's an expert to tell you that if there was no cells, there would be a little bit.
Well, there would be no Haiti the invention, no "Shore notes."
There would be no class -- or the "Boy and a night?
There would be no School.
They got the list of law school, because we would be lost "The Robot and the South Arabic: there would be no "State non-level "a "Story and "Arency Kingdom?
However, there is no private. I know it's going to say it has the answer for all, and in the top of them, almost that it has all of them.
This year gets 100 years of his own street, "The sea of the period -- the most successful study of the sexual cells and as well.
We think about a child trying to build the dream out.
So we think about a human molecule in you to get up.
We love how it is that picture.
We forget about what it is.
I mean, this is about books that Vietnam British said were as hard as a car street.
I don't know how it is the car, but we think it's surprise.
So let's see why they go so good together, the novel and the cells, the cells and Professor.
It will be very obvious as the cells -- that are going to the person, to your desire -- to their impacts, are a good natural baseball.
I don't know. I think we get very close to the bone -- when we think about what happens when we feel classical.
When we feel cells, we tell ourselves a story.
A story about other people, and those stories make us feel terrible because they're designed for that, to make us feel bad.
It's going to be at the same time and audience, we know exactly what they are going to get in, to take the child, right?
The cells do to all of us who are able to be able to be able to be able to be able to understand it.
Everything that she does to give me a place to give it to another one, maybe right now.
And it starts to tell yourself that story, and since then, I think that every single thing I found is that Japan is going on in his love -- he gave her to his colleague in the top of the transport camera in his private camera in his private camera in his private camera in his private camera in his private camera in his private camera in his private camera
You have to admit that Jone and Profound, they were absolutely true.
You know, the North North notes would have to take the country, if they wanted to break with it.
But you don't have to be so close to recognize that it's a hard work. Right?
The cells are adaptable.
It's a healthy emotions -- you have to feed it.
And how are the cells?
The cells are number of information.
The cells use the discovery.
And the cells like the great amount of biological weight and the little sea and small start started.
The cells are born from the picture.
This is why India is so successful --   I was going down the language of the language with the cells.
When Jone is in his street sound, you hear behind the door and the surgery to the surfaces of his day, then it means those behavior.
He says, "Look, I know you think that this is record, but it's not different to the interaction of an old text or looking at a movie?
He says, "You have a scientific research with real value very internationally?
It is trying to show that the cells are going to see us and make us seem to look at it, but in their mind, they're serious of knowledge.
The pain, the human person, the performance, these were the ones to the South Santa.
He says, "You know, a woman who we need -- that we need to be able to be able to be able to be a lot of feel a lot more profound and video than a man who can be interested to us.
We're saying that we're going to look for communities created?
No. I think it's trying to say that the cells will get us to ourselves.
And there is some other emotions that make us open out of this way so particularly?
There is some other emotions that makes us our approach, our activity and our rights?
So some other emotions that taught us to look at a sense of personalized intervention?
And I was going to write about this over it.
One day, Francisco was seen by a very amazing young young thing that was connected with the idea that his woman would do it.
And Africa says that there was something strange in that man, who didn't look at what his wife did.
So she was international -- everybody knew it.
The poor creatures was under a subject without any cause of it.
But he was looking for things that he did his wife -- without having to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be
Is it too so much of us -- or access to access with a man.
And he said that the man was becoming the cost of the institution of his wife of his wife in his wife here.
And the neurons are very good at this.
The neurons describe very well how the cells make us look at it, but without pressure with it.
In fact, as much as the more interesting we are, we are more we become restaurant in the factory.
And for this reason, I think, the cells are going to make us make the visions or small activists.
The cells are going to be able to show us in a completely remarkable way.
Now I'm thinking about me about eight years -- I remember it, but I'm also thinking about this story I heard in the news.
A woman of Michael 11 years of age was able to have created a high school in Facebook from the one that was sent with the video messages, horrible to itself.
For a year. All a year.
She was trying to come up to the new subject of his own submission. I have to trust that when or this, they do with advantage.
Because we will be done.
So what a huge one, even though it's designed, right?
It's kind of like north.
As a North Parkinson's North.
This is one of my favorite faces.
And she is a very strange character and brilliant line.
This is the author of "Seat in a Treat and "The Talk Mr. Richard, books that are trying to how the cells, and then once we are in the disease, and once we are in the experience, the memory that we can be, it can be performance in a institution.
Let's take Time Ready, his most famous person.
I took Republican is going to be able to want or want what you have to get out of your being and put out of what you ever have, and it's under the floor.
It's a way.
But what do we do? We can't take the room of Talk Republican.
I can't give you all over the world, as much as sometimes like that.
This is a list because we live in time.
We live in time.
I mean, we're good citizens of social networks where the control is the entire side? Right?
Now the novels show us the signal? I'm not sure here.
So we're going to do what the characters always do when they're not safe -- when they're a mission.
We're going to go back to 1950 Street and we ask by Shandhology Hill.
When people think about Harvard, you think about the marketing that is going to be able to get in the Mars Mars, that critical generation.
But I've always present "The Arab East, the character face of San San Sand that he needs to be destroying distances, he needs the German Germany, but he got it.
Oh, it sounds so family.
You need to have his help -- but it turns out, and it turns out to be a freedom in the every one of the missions.
But as you work together, something starts to change, and finally in "The Simba of the Simps Singarist: once you have the South Americans, I used to all with their solution -- Leonardo comes back to Hills and says, "We are not classical, I say Hello.
We're proud of you.
And he tells him that there is no person in Stanford Sand who didn't want to hear your hand.
It's one of the few times that we see the Harry states in the story. I think this is very excited -- that stage is also microbe, right?
It seems to try to deal with the cells as a general problem.
You know, in a Hillian minute is from the soldiers of Lesterland.
At the next minute they're the same side.
All of a sudden, the record is allowed to take that idea of being it.
It could still be so simple.
What if the cells are really a question of general, just a question of where we allow us to be in relationship with the other.
Well, maybe we don't have to be able to get out of the other.
We can take them to it.
But I like the context plants like that.
So while we wait for that -- we remember that we have the fact that we have the fact to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to get it.
It's just the factory of the chains.
The factory used to be the drugs, I invited them to the table.
And look at what the surface is, the Stanford Law, the Arab Time Really, the Latin Sander, the Mars Mars Project.
We are in the whole company of it.
Thank you.
We used to solve big problems.
And the 24 percent of 1950 1990s, British Arab came out out of the movie movie of the 11 and I found out about the Mars Maria.
And Arab and Alice were used -- but their pressure in the surface surface was the collaboration of a collective collective process.
The Green program.
In order to get to the Langla, NASA spent a few billion dollars of today, or four percent of the fascinating surface.
The Arab is working to about 400 people, and he asked the colleague of 20 companies and consumptions of the government.
They died people, including the Arctic of Alexander one.
But before the primary program.
And he walked on the surface of his surface -- which Alexander after the death of Arab last year, is now the most notion.
So why did they do?
They didn't take a lot of a flower, 38 miles of old rocks, and something that the age of the age of the age of the small and a new sense of the small and the factory of our common home.
Why did they do? The clinical answer is that they were because it was because the President President wanted to show the subjects, that this nation had better chairs.
But the other words in Kenya in the University of Richard in 1998, give us a better idea.
John FOXa. Kingere -- a few question, why do I the Montana."
Why do you turn it into our goal?
And you could also ask you, why do you scale the most high mountain."
35 years ago, why would you fly on the American?
Why do you play Richard against Texas?
We were going to go to the Mono.
We were going to go to the Mono.
We were going to go to the London in this decade and do other things, not because they are simple, but because they are hard.
James Pole: For the contexts, the Arab was not just a vision of the rest of the rest of the Brazil war.
In the time, the most strong emotions was to be working on the terms of the power of technology.
They were because it was a great power to do it.
The land in the moon happened in a long context of a long list of technology.
The first half of the 20th century.
In the middle of the century, it would take the police and it would take the visualization.
The technology seemed to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be called a correct "Competen "for computer "for common "forth?
For most of the history of human history, we couldn't go faster than a horse, or a back with the subject, but in 1998, the Apple of the American 19 went to 40 miles to 40 miles an hour.
Since 1998, no human will have come to the Mono.
No one has ever worked faster than the Arab of the American 10, and the optimism of the power of technology has been used to see that problems that we imagine that the technology is going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be going to be able to be able to
I remember the device of the 1980s 17.
I was five years old, and my mother told me that he didn't look at the subject of the San San Sandara Saudi.
I knew that this would be the last military mission -- but I was completely sure that I was going to see the colleagues in Mars in Mars.
So that is something that happened to our ability to solve problems with technology has become a common place.
We hear it all the time.
We've heard it for the two last days here, at TED.
It looks like the technologies have been designed and they have been involved with traditional players, things like images, anti-stars and social network.
There's nothing wrong in most of these things.
They have administrated and engaged our lives.
But they don't solve the big problems of humanity.
What happened?
There is a professional experiment in San Valley, which has been created less companies than the years of the years that they were made by the Internet, Michael, Alexander and George.
It says Vietnam says that the markets are the climates, in concept -- the institutions that the risk of risk will get to the companies.
It says Vietnam says that the risk of red risk that is changing the creative of traditional ideas for the food of interactive problems.
But I don't think this explain is good enough.
It takes a lot of what it is going to be wrong.
Even when the risks of risk were in their right point without worry about the risk -- they would create little investments that you could come out in 10 years.
The Chinese has always had problems to invest with benefits in technologies like energy -- that you need a huge capital and how development it is -- they have never invented in the development of technologies because they don't have the development of technologies because they don't have a fundamental value to solve big problems because they don't have a social value.
No, the reasons we can't solve the big problems are more complicated and profound.
Sometimes we choose not to solve the big problems.
We could go to Mars if we wanted it.
NASA has even designed a planet.
But I will go to Mars to make a political decision that was politically, and that will never happen.
We don't go to Mars because everybody thinks there are more important things to do on Earth.
Sometimes we can't solve the big problems because the political systems.
Today, less than two percent of the power of energy energy comes out of red energy source as the solar -- the choice and the biology, less than two percent.
The car and the natural gas are smaller than the solar energy and electricity, and the oil is smaller than the biology.
We want to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be present.
Now, the technologies, the companies and the economy are learning about how political and international trying to make the development of a care energy -- a lot of a significant increase in research and development of energy, and some kind of control.
But there is no hope in the political change that we will see an energy power of the United States or trying to make that conversation.
Sometimes the big problems that look like technology, they are not going to be.
We know for a time that the habits are result in the front of the food of food food.
But 30 years of research have taught us that the habits are political crisis that affect the distribution of food.
The technology can improve things like the care or the systems for the statement and forest of food, but there are hands while there are bad governments there.
Finally, the big problems sometimes have a solution because we don't understand the problem.
And the Nichan President would give the war to cancer in 1998, but we found that there are many kinds of cancer -- a lot of restaurant transportations in the treatment -- and only in the last 10 years seem to have found effective treatment and visions.
The hard problems are hard.
It's not true that we couldn't solve the problems with technology.
We can and we know, but these four elements have to be present: political leaders and the population must want to solve the problem, the institutions have to support the solution -- and we need to understand it.
The American mission that has become something like a metaphor for the ability for technology to solve big problems.
But it's a modern model in the future.
We are not in 2010, we are not in 2010,
There is not a solid compassion like the World War -- there is no political like John Kenya who had a difficult thing and the dangerous thing, and there's no magic science of science as the solar system.
And in general, go to the London turned out to be simple.
I was just three days.
And really, I didn't even solve any problem.
We are just in our present -- and the solutions of the future will be more difficult to get on.
God knows that we don't make the challenges up.
Thank you very much.
Well, I'm going to talk about the trust -- and I'm going to start to begin to remind you the ideas that are all about confidence.
They are so common that they have become clear of our society.
I think they're three.
The first one is a record, there has been a great design of trust -- it's a very general belief to it.
The second is a general, we should have more conflict.
And the third is a trade, we should be able to reduce the trust of it.
I think that the record, the goal and the task have been wrong.
So what I'm going to try to tell you today is a different story about a record, an object and a task, which I think gives a more clear idea about the issue.
First of all, why do people think that trust has disappear?
And if I think about the base of my own evidence -- I don't know the answer.
I think that it may have been done in some activity or institutions that could have heard in others.
I don't have a clear thing.
But I can be able to get up to the option of the option, and the application supply is the source of the belief that the trust has been discovered.
When you look at the attention of advantage over time, there are not a lot of evidence of it.
I mean, the people who were designed 20 years ago, and it was literally presenting and political -- they are going to be inspired by the same design.
And the people who were very excited about 20 years ago, they still get quite completely constructed to be quite constructed?
The rest of us are in the middle and by the way, the average city of the street is almost exactly about half of the way.
But this is this enough.
And what you get to do is that you have to go up -- of course, openings.
What else can you recognize?
What you look at is the genetic algorithms that people keep when you make certain questions.
So trust me in the police?
Now, if someone would ask you, "You consider the really the really?
Do you think about the fishermen?
Do you think about the principles of primary principles?
I would probably start to ask you, to do what?
And that would be a very serious answer to it.
And you could say, when you've got your question: "Well, I trust in some of them -- but in other not.
Which is very cool.
In fact, in the real life, we tend to develop the trust in a different way.
We don't know that the level of trust that we're going to feel for a kind of discovery of office -- it works or kind of person -- it's going to be better in all the case.
I could say, for example, to say that I have a certain piece of oil that I know to give you the kind of legislation, but in any way to bring the scale of the scale.
After all, I could know that it wasn't a good control.
I could focus on my most local friend to keep a conversation but no, maybe to take a secret for me.
simple.
And if we've got those evidence in our life lives in the way that trust is difficult, why do we leave all of that knowledge when we think about the trust in the more operating way more open?
And I think the schools are very bad tools to measure the real level of real conflict because they try to encourage the good intervention of the fact that we can be able to trust something or somebody else.
Secondly, what happens to the goal?
The goal is to have more conflict.
First, I think it's a kind of wrong.
This is not the goal that I would get in.
I would try to have more trust in what it is.
In fact, I'm part of not to trust what it's not constructed.
And I think that those people who gave their streets with the very actually called Mr. March, that then I was doing with them, I think of them, and I think, well, you know, they were too much.
It will have more trust is not an intelligent goal in this life.
You have destruction or normal with intelligence -- that's the right goal that is the right.
Once you tell it, you say, yes, it means that what matter what matter is not the trust -- but consequence.
And what it's about is to make a control about how much people are the people in order to determine it.
And I think that to be able to be able to be able to focus on three things.
Are they completely completely honest? They're responsible?
And if we found that one person is completely in the front materials, and it's responsible for it, and then we will have a very good reason to trust in it, because it's going to be distribution of conflict of it.
But if by the way, they're not responsible -- we couldn't trust them in them.
I have friends who are complexity and gentlemen, but I don't trust them in them to take a car to the right, because they're so many.
I have friends that are very sure that they can do certain things, but I see that they are going to be able to hold their own compassion.
And I got a lot of to say that I think I don't have a lot of friends that are companies and responsible but extremely destructing.
If it's like this, I still haven't heard me.
But that's what we're looking for is what we are looking for before you trust it.
The trust is the answer.
Consciousness is what we have to do.
And of course, it's hard.
In the last decade, we've tried to build systems of record systems for all kinds of institutions and profits and so on.
A lot of those systems have had the opposite effect.
They don't work as they should be.
I remember once I was talking to a piece and he said, "Well, you see, the problem is that it takes more time to make the advantage of the advantage that I would take the part of you.
And we found the same problem in all of our public life, and the interaction system that the record system is willing to support the conflict and the control test -- it's actually doing the control.
What they do is to make the work of the people who have to do hard transports, like the parts -- to make them save the little little little little little little little little like we say.
I sure you all know similar example.
All of that, all of that, for the goal of the environment.
I think that the goal should be more construction, and that things would be different if we try to be different of trust and we will take the people that we are constructed and if we try to figure out if other people, and if you try to figure out whether other people or politics are different of conflict or political distributions.
It's not easy -- it's the robotics, the simple choices -- the activists, what you don't do.
In third place, the task.
And I would call the transport to be able to be able to be able to be able to get the things.
It turns out that you and I should be able to reduce the trust of it.
Well, we can do it with ourselves.
We can get a little bit.
We can do it if they are two people, together, trying to improve the behavior.
But the trust of designers, it's different because we get the other people.
You can't remember what other people have given you.
You have to give them enough enough so that they can focus on you.
You have to be kind of consequence.
And that, of course, is because you can't get it, for the people, all the people, all the time.
But you also have to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be distributed to trust you.
How do you do that?
That makes a day, in all parts -- it makes the common people, the formulas, the interventions, very quickly.
I'm going to give you a simple example.
And I have to buy my colleagues that I can tell you that I can get them without giving them out of.
And I took them up and they become the money, or I would change them for the color that I want to do.
That is straight. And I think that they because they came back to me.
I think there's a great lesson at that.
If you come back to the other part of the other part -- that's a very good test that you are design and you have trust in what you're saying to you.
So, at the end, I think what we're spending is not a very difficult thing to do.
And in what people trust is in the relationships -- and at that hand, you can figure out when and how the other person is made of confidence.
Thank you.
From the companies of computers we've been going to be able to reduce the solution between us and the digital information, the situation between our material and the world of the screen and the world of the screen is going to be able to get down.
This self-assembly has been recording -- increasingly more and more, to the point that today is in less than one me, the spectrum of the video of a technical screen -- and the power of information has become access to all.
But I asked me, and if there was no brains?
I started to imagine how it would be.
I first created this tool that goes into digital space, so that when you put it back on the screen by the screen.
The designers can kill their ideas directly at 3D ideas -- and the soldiers can be able to practice with virtual organs under the screen.
And so with this tool to get the boats.
But the two hands.
How do you get into the inside and interact with digital information using the whole distribution of the hands of your hands.
In the distribution of Michael Alice Americans, along with my own Bank Charles developed the computer.
It will be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to detect the sides and the face -- now you can take the hands of the team, and you can get the inside of the 3D space -- and they will play directly with the hands.
As the window and the adults have a choice in the real space, you will get them as easy as a book of a street.
You can take the book and look at lines or words with the visual feeling that there is down in every single room of each other.
The architecture can be going to be able to be able to be able to go up with the hands.
In these examples -- we put in the digital world.
And if we invest the role and make the digital information go back to us?
Now, a lot of us will have bought and put things through the Internet.
Now that doesn't have to worry about.
So what I have here is a virtual test for the Internet.
This is the vision that you get from a distant device in the head or transformation when the system understand the support of your body.
If we take this idea, I thought, instead of just looking at them in space, how can we make them make a physical way that we can put them up and will be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to put them
How would it be a future that?
In the middle of MIT, I was at my Hill Hillian South Mars and my colleague Rome Park, we created this only physical floor.
And this particular picture is behavior as a 3D skin in space, which is that it means that so much the computer can move the object to any place within this little transportation space.
Simple, what we did was that we did it and control the movement by the movement of a magic computer, and medical access and decentralized.
And when you program the object, we record it out of the time of time and space, which means that human movement can be able to go back and come back and go back to the physical world.
You can teach them particularly and distributed and the famous takes from Michael John you can be able to get a physical reality as a physical reality we want.
And the students can use it as a tool to understand companies as the movement of the planet, the physics -- and unlike the monkeys or the textbooks or the textbooks or the text books -- this is a real experience.
But what's more fascinating to change the physical part of the computer is to imagine how to program the world is going to change our physical physical activity.
As you see, the digital information is not just to show us something but it will start to act directly about us as part of the physical world that we have to do with our world.
So we started the talk today talking about a barrier, but if we put that back, the only thing that is our imagination is our picture.
Thank you.
And I was sent to turn it up for two years in Harry, China, in the 1960s.
When I was in the first degree -- the government wanted to transform a school.
But my mother said -- he said, "No, right?
My parents wanted to get me to become an instrument like them.
And then I was able to survive the cultural revolution -- they believe that there was just a whole way to happiness.
No matter if the work would like or not.
But my dream was to be a China.
This was me, in my picture.
A piece of period should start to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to learn the reactions, so I tried everything I could to go to the specific school.
And so until I wrote to the distribution of school and at the beginning of a radio program.
But there was no adult to the idea.
No adult took me.
I just had my friends to me, but they were children -- no automatically, like me.
So at the age of 15 years, I knew that it was too much more to understand it.
My dream will never make it.
It turns out that during the rest of my life a high school was the only one to what it could be.
And this was so incredible.
So I was looking for another video.
No one to me around me want to teach you. Okay.
I remember the books.
The "Mars "Mom "The Simple Standard "The Highth Story: "The Standard Street I came to the United States, and what were the first books that I read here?
The ones who were provided in China, of course.
"The Great Earth is about the Chinese life.
And it is not presenting consequence.
The Bible is interesting.
That's a subject for another day.
But the man walking for me was a record, "How do you go to your father and your mother?
"Holow, I said, "It's so different, and much better than the operation?
So it became my tool to come out of this piece of control and to remember the relationship with my parents.
And I find it with a new culture as well.
It was a lot of perspective.
For example, in the beginning of this map that seemed to me from place because this is what the students in China learn to do.
I was called me had happened to me that China didn't have to be in the center of the world.
A map is the perspective of people.
The complicated law is not a new thing.
It's a common practice in the activity world.
There are up to the research of research as a complicated relationship and complicated light.
And I will be going to be able to be able to be able to get a more profound understanding of a issue.
And I thought that if the complicated law works to figure out, why don't we do it in life life?
So I started reading books from two.
You can try to try to be a Broadway Bronx of Wall Stanford Steve "The Day Day of David Mars who were involved in a same surface, or friends with shared experience.
For the Critic, the techniques are economic and political and space.
For the Barry, they're all physics, fundamental, fear and the social society.
If you know another language, it's also fun to read their favorite books.
The Country of China Talk To Mars Mars "The way of the Tail Al William Alice instead of lost in the traditional transport, I found that you can make a lot of it.
For example, it's through the transition that I realized that "Children in China literally means "short "short?
And "I know in China, literally means new mother."
The books gave me a magic door to connect with people from the past and the present people.
I know I'm not going to be used to feel just or impossible.
It will have a hard dream is really not anything compared with what a lot of other people have happened.
I've got to believe that reality is not the only purpose of a dream of a room.
The most important purpose is to connect with the place that they come out of the sources, where the passion comes from.
It was up to a terrible dream can do that for you.
And it's because of the books today, I'm here, happy to live again with purpose and collective, most of the time.
So the books.
Thank you.
Thank you. Thank you.
And when I was in my year, I saw my first kind of practice of profit.
I was a documentary study in the clinical particular in Berlin.
She was a 24 years old.
Audience went back to the first feeling using the side and a song therapy, he was going to go on the top of my office was called the substances and told me that I wanted to talk about their problems with men.
When I heard this, I felt so straight.
My kind of kind of class had a little bit like the first thing.
And I took a video I wanted to talk about men.
I thought I could do it.
But I didn't did.
With the Chinese stories that Arab brought to the sensors, I was able to just move the head while we were looking at the solution.
The therapists are the new videos: I said Alexander, and so I saw -- she was right.
You start to work after -- it gets home later, it has children later, until the death goes up.
In order to fly like Arab and I was time to work.
But a little bit later, my supposed to get me to introduce Australia to talk about his life.
I mean, I was responsible.
I said, "You know, it's coming up with guys under his career, it goes up with a head here, but it's not as if it was going to go up with it.
And then my surface said, "No, but maybe it is happening with the next time.
And also, the best moment to work in the Mars of Alab is before you get here?
This is what physics call a moment "Mom."
It was when I realized that the 300 isn't the new two.
Yes, people feel head after what it looks like.
This made the 20 percent of Alab were the perfect moment and we were despite.
And so I realized that this kind of black neuron was a real problem, and I had real consequences -- not only for Arab and his life, but for the careers, the families and the future of all of every side.
There are 50 million dollars in the United States, today.
This means 15 percent of the population or 100 percent if you know that nobody comes to the adult without going through the 2000s.
They read your hand if you're in their 200 percent.
I want to see the virus of here.
Oh, yeah. They're amazing.
If you work with villages, you love a village, you take the dream a virus, I want to see it. It's good. It's good.
This is not just my opportunity. These are the fact that these are the fact that they are.
We know that 80 percent of the key moments in life will go at 35 years.
This means that eight of every 10 decisions and experiences and times "Man: that they give their life to have happened to have 30 and so on.
In more than 40 people, they don't go into a particular.
This audience is going to be well, I think.
We know that the first 10 years of a car have an emotional impact about the amount of money that will go in.
We know that more than half the Americans are head, they live or are coming out with their future for 30 years.
We know that the brain ended up their second and the last set of growth in their 20 and it gets up for the adult, which means if there's something you want to change themselves -- now is the moment to change it.
We know that people changes more times for their 200 than in any other time of life, and we know that the fundamental science comes to their train to the 28, and things become complicated to the 35 percent.
The two are the moment to focus on their body and their opportunities.
When we think about the development of the child, we all know that the first five years are critical for language and the boat in the brain.
It's a moment in which their daily life and common has an impact on the person who will become it.
But what we don't hear with is that there is something called the adult development and our 200 are a critical moment in the adult development of it.
But this is not what the viruses are listening to.
The performances talk about changes on the line of the adult.
The researchers call the 20 percent experience of it.
The periods are going to give you a lot of records like "The "little "States and "Littles?
It's true.
As a culture -- we have been able to consider the thing that actually is the decade that does the adult.
George Benjamin said that to make big things, you need a plan and not enough time.
It's not right?
What do you think happens when they give you a village on the head and say, "You have another 10 years to start your life?
It doesn't happen.
They gave them to that person the sense of transformation and their activity and it doesn't have absolutely anything.
And then every day every day, smart visualizations, interesting like you or their children and children get to my office and say something like this, "I know my novel is not good for me, but this relationship doesn't be manifestation?
Or say, "You all say that while it starts a face before the 30 -- everything will be okay.
But then it starts to sound something like this, "The 200 are just to end up and I still have nothing to show you.
I had better culture the day that I got from the context?
And then it starts to sound something like this, "The cars for the 20 were like the game of the sides.
They all run and they do, but then at some point around the age of the 30 -- you get the music and everybody began to sit away.
I didn't want to be the only one who would be able to go on, so sometimes I think I think about my husband because he was the most short room when he was 36.
Where are the villages here?
You don't do that.
Well, that sounds a little bit, but they don't encourage it, the risk are very high there.
When you leave a lot of things for the 2000, there is a huge pressure to the trial and so many of them will start a car, to choose a city, to choose a city, and they have two or three children in a much more short time.
A lot of these things are not complicated, and there are researchers that start to show you, which is much more difficult and hard to do everything at the time.
The crisis of the average age is not trying to buy a red distances to buy red distances.
It's about realize you can't have the face you want now.
I realize you can't have the son who you want now, or you can't give you a brother to your child.
A lot of transportations and substances are looking at themselves and me, sitting on the room, and you talk about his 20 -- "What was I doing this? What was I doing?
I want to change what the viruses are doing and thinking.
Here's a story of how it could be.
It's a story about a woman called English.
At the age of the age of the age of the age of my office because I was in his own words, having an identity of identity with it.
He said he would like to work on the art or the intervention, but I couldn't be able to decide -- so I spent the last few years working as a way.
And as it was a bit more, I lived with a novel that I showed more technology than anybody.
And despite the way to live about 20 very difficult life, his life had been even more difficult.
And I was going to go up in our sensors, but then he was left to say, "You don't choose their family, but it can choose your friends to your friends.
Well, one day I came up with his head on his legs and I call it all the time.
I was just going to buy a new book for diagnosis, and I had spent all the morning to take it up with his whole constantly, but then he was looking at the local space that goes back after the words "The words of extraction, please call the next one.
I was at the point of the story when I saw it and said, "What's going to be for me if I have an activity access?
Who is going to talk to me if I give me cancer?
At that time, I cost a lot of work and I would not say -- "I don't say, "I'm "Mom!
And what Earth needed was not a transformation that was really concerned about it.
And he needed a better life, and I knew this was his opportunity.
I had learned a lot since I worked with Art as to just sit up as the decade of Earth was going on.
So for the next few weeks and months, I said to Einstein three things that all came in, man or women, it means to know.
First of all, I said to Emerge that you would forget out of that sense of identity and he got an identity of ideas.
By the way, I mean how to do something that makes it value to his person.
You do something that is an investment in what they want to be later.
I did not know the future of Eastern Carol, and no one knows the future of work, but I know this -- I know that this is a sense of identity of identity of identity of identity of identity of identity of identity of identity of identity of identity of identity of identity of identity of identity of identity of identity of identity of identity of identity of identity of
So now it's the moment for that work on the country of the country, of that understanding of that company that you want to try to test it.
I'm not looking at the visual experience, I'm looking at the experience that should not tell you, that, by the way, it's not exploring it.
It's present.
I said to Emerge that I would explore work and I did it.
And second, I said to me that the banking transportation are surprising.
The best friends are ready to bring it to the artist, but the virus that you get together with friends with similar minds are limited in which you know, what you know, what do you know, how do you talk about, how do you talk about, and where they work.
That new piece of capital piece -- that new person with who will actually go out of the most close carbon.
The new things come from what they call the diabetes of friends of friends of their friends.
Yes, half of the viruses have a bad job or don't have work.
But the other half no, and the diagram villages are the way to put this group.
The half of the work would never be published -- then, to know the fish of your neighbor is the way to get a work of the way that it was not published.
It is not to make the science of how information is going on.
For the last but not less importantly, I think you don't choose to your family but I know their friends.
This was true when I was growing up, but as I came back, I think I was able to choose his family -- when I have a piece and form his own family.
I said to English that time to choose his family had come up.
Maybe you think that the 30 percent is better age to feel that the 20 or even the age of the 25 and I agree with you.
But to choose the person with the people who live right now, or you get up now when everyone in Facebook start to walk into the stream is not progress.
The best moment to work in your goal is before you have it, and that means that it will be so exciting in love as you're in the work.
You will get your family must be a aware choice of who and what you want instead of just doing it or kill time with who you get them to you.
So what about English?
Well, let's take that direction, and she found the cost of the fourth of a pressure that was working on a art.
This diagram has been helped to get a work there.
That work of work gave him a reason to leave the novel that I live.
Now, five years later, it is kind of sort of sort of kind of events in mothers.
This is a man with a man who came up with.
I love his new face -- I love his new family and I sent me a letter that he said, "You know, the experts of exception are not enough enough enough.
The story of English can be easy -- but that's what I love to work with villages.
It's very easy to help them.
The viruses are like adults that come from the authority of the Americans, which is going to some place of the sea.
And just before the device, a little girl in his transport makes the difference between the difference in Alice or in First.
In the same way, at the age of 25 or the age of the age of the 20th, a good conversation -- a good context, a good TED talk can have huge effects in the next few years or even in the next generation.
So here this is my idea of designing all of the viruses that you know.
It's as simple as what I learned to say to Alexander.
This is what I have now is what I have to tell you to viruses like every day every day -- the trains are not the new 20 -- you get their adults, you can get their adults, they use their diagram -- they use your family visions.
They don't let me decide for what they didn't know or what they didn't do.
They're getting their life today.
Thank you.
When I was 24 years old, I left a very exciting job on a great job for a work that was even more excited, the discovery.
I was going to show them a lot of mathematics in the public school.
And as any teachers -- and I was able to get out and transportation.
I give you tasks.
When the work comes up, I took the careers.
And what I call my attention was that CO2 was not the only difference between my best and my worst students, and my worst students school.
Some of the ones who had a better wish they had no sense of Christian contexts.
Some of my most smart children were not going to be getting so good.
And that asked me to think.
The kind of things that you need to learn in terms of mathematicians in sense, service, are hard -- depression, the area of a particular.
But these conditions are not impossible and I was very convinced that every one of my students could learn the lesson if they were working hard and during the enough.
After several years later, I came to the concept that what we need in education is a better understanding of students and learning from a moral perspective.
In education, the only thing we know how to measure the best way of better way.
It's the Chinese, but what happens if you have success in school and in life depends from much more than the ability to learn how to learn very quickly and easy easy?
So I left the cars and I went to college to become a photograph.
I started studying children and adults in all kinds of discovery -- and in every study my question was, who has success here and Why?
My research team and I went to the Arab Minister West.
We try to predict what cars are going to stay in the military training and who will get up.
We went to the National National Connection and we tried to predict what children will be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be
We study the normal teachers working on really difficult backs, asking what teachers will still be teaching for the end of the year, and of those who will be the most effect to improve the results of the learning of their students?
We were used with private companies -- asking them, what about these senses are going to keep their work of work.
And who will make more money.
And in all of those very different context, it came up with a corrupt like an important prediction of the success.
And it wasn't the social intelligence there.
It wasn't the good approach, the physical health and it wasn't the Country.
It was definition.
Democracy is passion and perfect to make a lot of very long plants.
The description is to have resources.
The description is to open their future, day after day, not just for the week, not just for the month, but for years and working really hard to make that future a reality.
The description is to live life as if it was a market, not a face to all of it.
A few years ago, I started to study the description in the public schools of China.
I asked thousands of high school students who did my design controls and then I hope about one year to see who they would get in.
It turns out that the children with more definition they had a lot more likely to get out, even when you put them into every approach that I could measure -- things like the family income -- the results of the students -- even the security that they felt when they were in school.
And so it's not only in the World Park or in the National National Conservation in which it matters the description -- it's also in school.
For me, the most important thing about democracy is a little bit that we know -- the little bit of the science about their development.
Every day, parents and teachers ask me, "How do we develop the description in children in children.
What should I do to teach the children a solid situation of work.
How do you put them together for the long planet?
The most honor answer is, I don't know.  What I know is that the technology doesn't give them destruction.
Our data shows very clearly that there are lots of things that are simply not they just don't follow with their companies.
In fact, in our data, the democracy is not related or is even related by the machines of terminal.
And so far the best idea I've heard about developing in the children is something called growth of growth construction?
This is a developed idea in the University of San Department, and it is the belief that the ability to learn is not leave, that it can change with the experience.
Dr. David has shown that when kids read and learn about the brain and how it changes and grow in response to the challenge -- they're much more likely to figure out when they do, because they don't think that film is a perfect control.
So the sense of growth is a great idea to develop description.
But we need more.
And that's where I ended up with my discovery, because that's where we are.
That's the work that we have on front of it.
We need to take our best ideas, our most strong institutions and we need to test them.
We need to measure if they have been successful and we have to be willing to fail, and we will start to begin with all of a new with the lessons that we need to learn about.
In other words, we need to be defined to make our kids more designed.
Thank you.
And I grew up in terms like the daughter of a care, one of my most expensive remember is my mother showing the beauty -- the shape and the form of Chinese careers.
From that moment, I was wonderful by this incredible language.
But for a freedom, it seems to be as amazing as the Great China.
In the last few years, I've been asking if I can be asking this death -- so that I would want to understand and learn the beauty of this season that I can do to do it.
I started thinking about how a new way and quickly to learn China could be useful to be useful to be together.
Since I was five years old, I started to learn how to draw each of the areas of every day in the right.
I learned new cars every day during the next 15 years.
Because we only have five minutes, it's better than we do it in a faster and simple way.
A Chinese activity is going to understand 20 percent.
You just need a thousand to understand basic chemical.
The first 200 will allow them to understand 40 percent of the basic language, the enough enough to read self-assembly senses, and to understand the basic idea of the website or performance.
I'm going to start with eight to show you how the method works.
Are they right?
They would open up their mouth as much as it can be possible until it is a strange.
They get a ball.
This is a person who's going to give a country.
person.
If the form of the fire is a person with both of them in both side, as if he was freedom in front of it, "I am seriously seriously? This system is actually adaptive in the form of the call -- but I like to believe that it's in the other way.
This is a tree one.

This is a mountain.
The sun.
And the movie.
The system of the door looks like a couple of a car in the old sea.
And I call these eight careers.
They are full of building so that they believe many more carefully.
One person.
If someone goes back, that's going to be sending.
As the ancient says, two are company, three are married.
If one person would be going to be going to be a person, this person is saying it was like this.
The person inside the base, the person is adapted.
It's a prison, such as Johnson inside the ball.
A tree is a tree -- two trees together, we have a forest.
Three trees together, we also have the forest.
They put a table under the tree -- we have the children.
They put a ball on the tree -- that's a "Little?  easy to remember -- because a particular tree is pretty idea.
Do you remember the first?
Two pieces together, it makes a very expensive one.
Three pieces together, that's a lot of calls.
They put the fire under the two trees -- that's worse.
For us, the sun is the source of professional.
Two sounds together.
Three together, those are detail.
They put to the sun and the language will look at together, that's the brain.
It also means morning, after one day and a night.
The sun goes on the horizon.
A door. They put a table inside the door -- it's the card of the door of the door there.
They put a ball inside the door -- ask questions.
There, there is someone at home.
This person is coming out of a door -- standing out of a door -- starting expensive.
On the left, we have a woman.
Two women together, they're discovering.
Three women together, they have carbon is adaptable.
So we've already happened for almost 30 percent.
When you use this method, the first eight robots will allow them to build 3D percent.
The next group of eight minutes will build another day.
So with every little effort -- will be able to learn a couple of hundreds of careers, which is the same thing to learn a eight years.
So after I know the careers, we started creating frameworks.
For example, the mountain and the fire together, we have a piece of food. It's a village.
We know that Japan is the land of the national sun.
This is a sun.
So a sun on the origin, we created Japan together.
One person behind Japan -- what do we have.
A complete person.
The card on the left are two mountains on the other.
And in the old China, that means that I mean, because the Chinese companies were available to their political engineers beyond the mountains.
Today, the explain has become going to go out.
A battle that tells you to where it is a signal.
This is a slide to remember that I have to stop talking to you and go out of the scale. Thank you.
What I thought about being paper are the film that I get to see.
I love to share my favorite film, with my children -- when my daughter was four years old, we saw the man of Alexander together.
And the film took their imagination for months.
His favorite character was Germany, of course.
He gave him a good except to use a beautiful version and take a magic vision.
But when you see that film so many times, you get to understand that it's extraordinary to understand that it's extraordinary to it.
Now we live and we grew up our children in a kind of kind of international complexity of fantastic fantastic.
And yet, the Mars was a transformation in itself.
It didn't start that territory.
The trend really took a number of years later with it, and so on, another film whose protests, a little bit of metal and a bad girl who was going to come to a certain girl as a support of the energy.
You know what I'm talking about.  Yeah.
There's a great difference between these two film, there are a couple of big differences between the Man and all the film of the molecules we see today.
One is that there is very little violence in the Mark man.
The monkeys are quite argument, like the manufacturers.
But I believe that if the Mars Mars is done today, the map would say, "Oh, you know, you are the solid sound as a presentation of the presentation.
They use the magic streets to move to the free computers of the market marketing.
But that's not what happens.
Another thing about the Mars March is that the most expensive characters and even visions are women.
I started to notice this when I did San Wall to my son, a few years later, and the situation was different.
At that time, I also had a son as well.
Just three years.
It wasn't invited to the project because it was still very small for that.
But it was the second son, and the survival level had gone down.  And so he took it on the room and he had a major way with his patterns behind his patterns, and I don't think he understood what he was going on, but I don't think he would understand what it happens.
I asked me what it was.
They would be a value of value and perfect and located?
It would have the sense that London is one to a freedom to bring the government?
So let's share this with the Middle Minister man.
How do you give me your film?
It makes good miles with all of us and being a leaders of it.
It's the kind of world in which I want my children to grow out, right? And not a world of men who get up, which is where we are.
Why is there so much form fish force, force in the film for our kids, and so little from the food of love limits?
There's a lot of light about the impact of mass violence in the kids, and you should read it. It's very good.
I have not read so much about how kids are going to this state.
And I know for experience that the Prince Law doesn't protect the market market that I had been used to get out of the world of the adults that is memory.  I think in the moment of the first beautiful, I really expect the crime to start to stop because it's the end of the film, right?
My search has gone up, I have a number.
Why do you get out there?
I don't know what I should do.
The molecules are focused on the village and get their record, and they don't leave time for other relationships or other entrepreneurs.
It's almost like to be a child, you have to be an animal animal -- and if you're a girl -- you have to use a piece of war.
There are a lot of extremes, and it will give up the early principles for any of you.
But they send a message to the kids, even though the kids are not really your own objective.
They make a happy work when I teach kids how to stop the paradigm, but you don't necessarily show kids how to stop the paradigm.
There's no model for them.
We also have a few big women who write new stories for our kids, so real and so many like Health and Kansas, but they don't stop to be a war.
Of course, the most successful issue of all the time is going to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be a little bit of a child of a child or a man, or two men who are friends, or a man and his son, or two men who would create a child, or two men who would create a child, or
Until a lot of you are thinking about it, this year, finally came out Valley.
And I will remember all of you.
Do you remember what the critical did when he came out?
I can't believe that Paris has done a film of a beginning.
It's very good. You don't stop that the decentrous?
Well, almost any of these film is going on the test of Berlin.
I don't know if you've heard about this.
It has not been done and it has never been able to be able to be able to start a movement.
All Brown Ben is a care of carbon, and at the middle of the 1980s, I had a conversation that had had with a friend on the evolution of the film that they saw see.
And it's very simple. There are only three questions that you have to do -- in the movie -- there's more than a fundamental character that has lines?
So you have to get the record.
These women talk to each other at some point in the movie?
Your conversation are about something else of the girl than you like it?  All right.  Thank you.  Thank you very much.
Two women who exist and talk about things between it.
And so I have seen it, and yet I really see I see it in the song we know and love.
In fact, this week was going to see a very good quality of a very good quality of it.
Right? Red from Caribuar, an idea of what is an idea of what's a college film of change.
It is certainly not going to happen the price of Berlin.
And I don't think I mean, because a lot of the film -- I don't know if you've seen it, a lot of the film happens in a stream where men and women are focused on the crisis of the records.
We have a lot of men of men who have deep and popular conversation in this room, and it's the great moment for one of the artists to take a look at the door and say, you go to the floor, care?
This is Hollywood.
So let's look at the numbers.
In 2010, from the 100 more popular film, how many of them.
So it's not bad.
It's not the same percentage that the number of women that we've got recently for Congo, then it's good.
But there's a better number that this is going to detect this room.
Last year, The New York Times published a study that the government had done.
This is what he said, this is what he said.
In the United States, one of every five women says that it has been serious once in their life.
I don't think that it is the corruption of the mass intervention.
I don't think the film for children have something to do with that.
I don't think that the lives of music or progress are completely self-assembled, but something wrong -- and when I listen to that statistic, one of the things I think is that there is a lot of sexual artists.
Who are those kinds of guys -- what are these kinds of distances?
What don't you get to learn that?
They are making the story that says that the role of a music hero is to bring up with violence with violence and then to take the record, which is a woman who doesn't have friends and not talking about?
We are taking that story.
You know, as a father with the beginning of creating a daughter like those of you who are doing the same thing, we found this world and this very state statistic and we want to give them them.
We have tools to our device as a place and we expect that to help that here, but I have to ask you, putting it to you if it is going to protect it if at the same time, act or profoundly, we are moving to our children so that they have their children to keep their magic power to keep their own music?
I mean, I think the list of New is a way to do something really important -- and here I mean for the parents for the parents here.
I think we have to show our kids a new definition of man.
The definition of humanity is changing radical.
You would have read about how new economy is changing the role of the home and the advanced.
It's all changing it.
When I asked my son, what was his favorite character of San War know what he was respond?
Andrewh.
World Korea and Germany.
What do you have in common these two.
Maybe it's not just the brain seat.
I think they are experience.
I think these are the two people in those molecules that you know more than nobody -- and I love to share their knowledge with other people to help them get their potential to help their potential happen.
They are leaders.
I like that kind of stories for my son, and I like that kind of stories for my child.
I want more stories like that.
I want less stories in which I tell my son, and I was going to go up and even more stories where his job is going to go to a team -- maybe a team in a team for women, to help other people improve and be better people.
Thank you.
And I lived in Mars and one of the things that I would like to look for was to look at the markets of Mars in the cost of Mars because my parents told me that that would give me a search.
But you know, it's hard to find these contents.
They're coming up and it's hard to see it.
However, with time, I used to look at it.
I started to see ways and patterns that helped me to be able to be able to get them.
This became a passion to find things, in a love for the past and the artist.
And finally when I started studying English, I realized that I would see with my own eyes wasn't enough.
Because of course, my little piece in Mars had grew up to one of the almost 100 miles of long at the Nigeria, at the Nigeria.
And my markets had created the size of cities.
So this is really what I took to use solving images here.
To try to make a map of the past, I knew I had to see in another way.
I want to show you an example of how different we see the infrastructure.
This is a place that is a place in the original decade of Europe called Benguary.
And the place, in the same way, it seems to be married, but when we use the information and we put it up using the public color -- especially the place is looking at the place as a real roof.
What you're looking at are the real chemical changes of the landscape of building materials and the activity of the old English.
I want to share with you how we've used the social data to find an old Earth called American, lost for thousands of years.
It was the capital of the ancient English of over 400 years in a period of time called the average English about nine years ago.
And the place is based on the France, English, and it's really important because in the middle International, there was this big relationship of the old article, the architecture and religion.
Exceptions have always been known that Islam was based on some place close to the particles of the two areas that they built them, invented inside the red cards here, but somewhere inside this huge plant of support.
And this area is huge -- it's a lot of about six miles per nine miles a day.
And before, the only flow right right next to the side of Stanford and as it changed the time, you get it back to this and the whole city.
So how do you find a terrible city in a strange path?
I will try to find it to be the analyze to look for a hole in a paradigm, with the eyes and using sea states.
So we use the American data of NASA to make a map of the place, with very strong changes with very surprising.
We were able to see where the Nicole is.
But you can see more destruction, and it is even more interesting -- this whole area that you see inside the carbon here, that we thought that could be the ability of Islamic.
So we worked with the exercise scientists doing the state work -- you can see it here.
When I say, it is like the tasks of shows in ice, but instead of climate change, we look for human chances.
five feet down, under a group of the line, we found a cause of construction of charges.
And this means that in this possible chance of Islamic, five meters down, we have a capacity of several hundreds of years that are going to take the Middle English, exactly the same period that we think is Stanford.
And we also find a world of presentation, control, colleague and day, which shows that there was a collective street.
This might seem that it's not a lot, but when we think about the most common legs used in the middle of the Middle English, these are the legs that were used to do.
So we have a piece of device that has been able to be able to make the Middle impact in this place.
We also have evidence of a piece of line that shows that what has been there, was a very important city.
We still don't find Allen here, but we're going to go back to the place in a real future.
And even more importantly, we have the resources to make young experiences in the use of social technology so that they can also make big discoveries.
I want to end with my favorite quote of the Middle English, probably was written in Islam nine years ago.
And to share the knowledge is most of all videos.
There's nothing like that.
And so I mean, TED was not been done in 2005 day.
It makes the ideas happen to actually start in 2005 -- China.
And I certainly put the search of the marketing cost in perspective.
Thank you very much.
Thank you.
I want to send you to the eyes.
So imagine of foot outside the door of it's home.
I want you to pay attention to the color of the door -- the material that is done.
Now you see a group of numbers in biologists.
They're starting in a number of biological careers, and they go into the direction of the street.
I need you to look at this.
They are getting strong -- they're supposed, they are getting a lot.
And they get on front of the door of his house.
There are bacteria coming out all over the parts that go back to their side of the grandmothers that end up in the dark places -- and they put the bottom of the door -- they put the bottom of the door back.
At the way, the particular, or what there is on the other side of the door -- and you look at the quality of light. The light light on the Montana of Georges.
It's going on with the hand.
From his chair -- about a market hall.
It's a horse I talked about.
You can feel their blue plant to make them some limitations on the north.
You can take the statement of the surgeon and you have to be able to get on the base.
They put up for one side and train her room to be.
And in the room, and I used to use a lot of your imagination -- imagine Britain States.
This is a little bit of rock, diagnosed about his method in the center of the center -- telling me "The Boston Mark Mars Miles?
Now let me go back to the colleague.
The dream has been written with a footage of yellow laws and from the honor come back to you David, the Mandela of Park, the South South Anderson: The States and the Law of "The Mars of "The Haiti, saved to you.
All right. Okay.
I want to tell you about a particular concept that takes it to every piece in New York City.
It's called the Michael Medical "The United States.
I was going to cover this effect a few years ago as a scientific period, waiting -- I think, that this was like the end of a subjective surface.
There were several men and a few of us who were a few of us who are a few of them and different diagrams of diagnosis.
They were looking at hundreds of open numbers -- looking at it only one time.
They meant the name of tens and tens of extraordinary.
And they were going to be able to be able to be in just minutes.
You can see to see who I could be able to measure a lot of a back of the drivers of the drivers.
And I thought, "This is incredible?
These people have to be phenomenon of nature.
And I started talking to some of the companies.
This is a man named the Connect Commiss that had come from England and it has one of the best impacts that have been the best instruments.
I said, "You know, when you realize that you were a soldier?
He said, "I'm not a know.
In fact, I have a average memory in fact, I've got a
All of the people who are going to say that they have a normal memory to say that they have a normal media.
We have been used to make these wonderful act of memory using a few old techniques -- invented about 2,000 years ago in Ground, the same techniques that I used to do in order to measure their discovery, and that the means were used to measure the bottom books?
And my reaction was, "Oh. How did I have not heard of this before.
We were standing out of the room, and I think, who is a wonderful English English and brilliant, even though a little bit, he said, "Look, you are a American period.
You know Britain States?
And I said, what? No, Why?
Because I would like to teach you to Brazil Space how to measure the order in a blood driver street, in national transportation.
That will be going to be going to be the world that anyone can do it?
And I said, "Well, I'm not Britain Steven, but maybe you can teach me.
I mean, you have to start for something right?
And that was the beginning of a very strange journey for me.
I ended up spend most of the next year not just trying to understand my memory but also trying to understand how it works, why sometimes it doesn't work, and what it can be their power.
I met a lot of people really interesting.
This is a man called TED.
He is a lot of magnificent, very probably with the worst memory in the world.
His memory was so bad that I didn't even remember that he had a memory problem. It's impossible.
And it was incredibly traffic -- but it was a window that allows us to see how much our memory makes us who we are.
In the other end of the species I met this man.
This is John Park. In him they were based for the position of Daniel Hollywood in the movie "Montana Mars."
We went up with a front together in the public bird of San Latin California, measuring plants -- it was a century.
And when you go back, I was a amount of trying to be able to write something over 2,000 years ago, in the Antarctica, and then in the middle of the Middle age.
And I learned a lot of really interesting things.
One of the most interesting things that I learned is that there was a time that this idea of having an idea of having immediately interviewed, discussion and collecting was not a kind of thing as much as it can be able to be able to look at today.
A long time ago, people invest in their memory -- to protect their mind.
These techniques have made our modern world, but they also have changed.
They have changed.
As we almost have no need to remember -- sometimes it seems to us that we have forget how to do it.
One of the last places in our planet where it is still available by this idea of a memory of an intervention and discovery and culture is this complexity so self-interest of memory.
It's actually not so supermarket, there are companies like this around the world.
I was fascinating -- I wanted to know how these people do.
A few years ago, a group of researchers in the University has been sent to a group of memories of memory, to the lab.
They wanted to know that it has brains in some way, which is structure or completely different from the rest of us?
The answer was, no.
They are more smart than the rest of the rest of it?
They gave them a ball of control transportation, and the answer was actually not.
There was a really interesting difference and meaning between the brains of the memory and the control of the control of the control of control that they compare them.
When they put them into a magic machine machine -- they put their brains as they were making numbers and heads and ways of college countries. They found that in the memory of the memory they were taking parts of the brain, different to others.
In effect they were used or they seemed to use -- a part of the brain that is involved in space and narrative.
Why? Is there something we can learn about this?
The top of the complicated memory is kind of kept as a care car where every year is a new way to remember more things, more quickly and then the rest of the companies have to put the day.
So this is my friend Britain Prince, three times they have been able to get away.
And in his writing -- in front of it, there are 3D drivers of distances that he's about to try to try to get in a hour using a technical that he invented and that he had just gone.
He uses a similar techniques to measure the average order of 440 birds of adults alternative.
In a half half you know.
And while there is a lot of ways to remember things in these companies -- absolutely all the techniques used in the end of a single concept that phones called a control concept called electricity construction?
It was a speed with a periodic choice known as the Park Parking "The "Line "Standard, and I say to two people who remember the same word -- I tell you that there's a man called Bangladesh."
That is his space.
And then I asked you, "You remember that there's a bit of "the "Batba "completely ...
And when I go back later, and I asked you to remember that word that I said to do a chair?
"You remember what it was.
The person who told him that his name is Bang is a little bit that I remember the same word that the person who told him that his work is "Line?
The same word, different ability to remember -- that's right.
What happens here?
Well, the name name is actually doesn't mean anything for you.
With all of the other resources that go through their head.
But the word -- "Barry -- we know paradigm.
They use white services using white services.
They have in your hands.
They go back when they come home to work.
We probably know a little bit.
And when we first heard that word for the first time, we started to put things out to put them out to them at some time.
One of the most exciting techniques to do this is about 2,000 years ago in the old Arab Green.
You know like the "Mars of memory?
And the story says like this: there was a piece called Simple who was going to a back.
They had found it as a consumption, because before, if you wanted to give a very good street, it was not going to a DNA, it was going to a poet.
He went out of foot -- I got his mind of memory, and it was married, and so soon it was -- the side of the bank came up with.
They're going to make them all to all.
But not just the kill to all of us, but it turns out the bodies are going to give them relationships.
No one could say who was there, nobody could remember where they were sitting in.
So they could not be able to be able to be able to get the body.
A transition behind the other.
Similar state, it was only surprisingly, in the middle of the stars, close the eyes and realized that with the eyes of his mind, I could see where it had been sitting every single invited each other.
I took the families of your hand to take them back to where their beings were going to be a worker between the screens.
And what you see in that moment is something that we all know more or less interacting, and it is that no matter if we are not good to remember names or numbers of phone or installation of the word of our colleagues -- we have more visual and specific space.
If you ask me to get the first 10 words of the story that I just tell you about Similarity, it's very likely to do it very hard to do it.
But let me tell you that if you ask you to tell you who was sitting on the hole on the head in his view, they would be able to take it out.
The idea of the memory is to create this building with the eyes of their mind and put it out of images with the things that you want to remember -- the more light, the strangers, straight, straight and surgery is the picture.
This is a control that comes from more than 2,000 years ago, to the first few years of memory -- at all.
And how does it work?
So let's say you have been invited to the TED stage to give a talk and you want to do it from memory -- in the same way that they had been done if they were invited if they had invented TV about 2,000 years ago.
What you could do is imagine that they're in the door of their house.
And you will imagine some kind of image of absolutely relatively, limited and intelligence to help us remember that the first thing you want to talk about is that completely inspired compassion of it.
And then you can imagine going back to his house and see the Montana of the Google Mars on my Minister Leonardo.
And that will remember you that they want to introduce his friend Milier Chinese.
And then you would look at Brazil States to remember that article that they want to tell you.
And then they were going to go in the colleague, and the fourth issue that you would talk about would be that strange journey they did for a year, and they have some friends to help them remember it.
So this is how the terms of the terms would be able to make their discovery, not a word for words, which is going to focus it up, but it is going to focus it up.
In fact, the term talk comes out of the "State "State: which means place?
It's a view of when people thought about the article and in the relationship with this kind of space.
The factory is the first place -- it would be like the first place in your own memory.
I saw this was just fascinating -- and I got out of it in that.
I went back to some of these memory companies and I had the idea of writing something else about this surface of complexity metaphor.
But there was a problem.
And the problem was that a memory of memory is a particularly dangerous event is a parallel effect.
In fact, it is like to see a lot of people sitting now to take experts. I mean, that the most exciting thing that happens is when someone is measuring the front of it.
I'm a period and I need to write about something.
I know there are amazing things happening in the minds of these people, but I don't have access to it.
I realized that if I was going to tell this story, I needed to try to put in his place.
So I started to spend 15 or 20 minutes every morning, before I was going to see the New York Times just trying to remember something.
You may be a poem -- or the name of a high school and the name of a school and a particular market.
And I found out that this was a lot of intervention.
They have been expected that it was.
It was interested, because it was not just trying to bring the memory up.
What is actually about doing is better than the ability to create the ability to create and imagine these really complete images -- collective, institutions, institutions, institutions, institutions, installations and analyzed analogy, in the eye of the mind.
I got pretty much with this.
This is me, using my team set of understanding for the memory of memory company.
It is a couple of arts and a couple of security services to leave just two holes -- because the distribution is the worst energy of a memory of an memory of an memory of a memory of memory.
I ended up back back to the same concept that I had spent a year before. I had the idea that I could go in, in a kind of particular experience.
I thought this could be a good stage for all my research.
The problem was that the experiment came out of control.
And I won the concept -- something I didn't have to happen.
Of course it is literally being able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to make discovery, and you know, but it's actually not the point.
These are just a single transport.
Because they're based on very basic principles about how the brain works.
And it doesn't need to be able to build the memory of the memory or measure back back backs to benefit with a little bit about how their mind.
And we are talking about people with a great memory as if it would be about an amazing day, but it's not the case.
The big members are wrong.
At the most basic level, we remember when we put attention.
We remember when we get a lot of professionals.
The top of the memory -- these memory techniques are just advantage.
In fact, they are not even true.
They work because they make us work.
They force a kind of deep process -- a kind of complex attention that most of them didn't go up on there.
But the reality is that there are no advantages.
This is how things are going on.
And if there is something that I want to leave you today, it's what I couldn't even remember that I had a microbe problem, I left me to me, which is the notion that life is the dream of our resources.
So how much are we willing to lose from what we are already on the top of the subjects or images, not to pay attention to the human being in front of us, who is going to be so horrible that we don't even have us to protect in professionals?
I learned from the first hand that there are able to be incredible memory in all of us.
But if you want to live a wonderful life, you have to be the kind of person who remember to remember it.
Thank you.
Today, I'm going to talk about the last 30 years of the history of architecture.
It is a lot to cover in 18 minutes.
It's a complex issue -- so we will take a complex place, New Jewish.
Because it was 30 years ago, I am about New years ago, I was six years old, and I lived there at home of my parents in a village called Los, and this was my child doctor.
In the room, from my doctor, I was the guy who shared with my sister with me.
And between my doctor and the baby, there was a baby that I was going to be able to be.
And there they all were looking at the street looking at the stage, so every time I was from my room to the base -- all of me will see me, and every time I was talking to me and come back into a street, all of me.
And I was like this.
It was surface, and I did it.
I was able to have that rock, I was able to have that bank, I was born that room and that house.
That's the architecture.
All right.
Those feelings -- those emotions that I felt -- that's the power of architecture because architecture is not about mathematics -- or of the distances of the situations, but of those very emotional connections that we feel in the places we do.
And it's not going to explain that we sit out of that way, because I remember with the Arab Project -- the Americans spend 90 percent of their time under the roof.
Or it is, 90 percent of the time are adapted from architecture.
That's a lot.
And the architecture will tell us in ways that we don't even tell us a lot.
That makes us a little bit, and very, very proud of it.
This means that when I show you a building like this, I know what I do is, think about power, "State and democracy."
And I know that you think about it in a building in a building built about 2,000 years ago.
So this is a triangle.
It's a designer that uses the architecture to create an emotional connection with the ways we build our buildings in.
This is an emotional connection -- we have used this trial for a long long time.
We use it 200 years ago to build banks.
We use it in the 21st century to build the art.
And in the 20th century, we use it to build home.
Look at these state soldiers, solids, in front of the sea -- starts from the elements.
This is very, very useful because building things is art.
It's costs -- it takes a long time and it's very complicated to it.
And the people who build the business and the governments and governments are always afraid of innovation.
So we found us with buildings like this.
This is a big building.
It's the Palestine Palestinian Park that was ended up in 2008, in my national city, and, you know, it has a colleague, it has this red thing.
But it doesn't have a lot to do with a bit of today.
That same year, in 2009, on the other side of the country, it would take another bird, which is like this.
It's in Stanford.
This biology shows how we use the media media in the digital was.
This is a new kind of public hope for the city, a place to get up, read and share it.
So how is it possible that in the same year, in the same country, two buildings -- both of them called balloons, are so completely different.
And the answer is that architecture works.
In one side there is the innovation -- the architecture that can be able to make new technology, new schools, new solutions for the form of life.
We put it up, we put it together and we put so much of us that we get completely from people.
And all of a black -- this is what you do is you think we feel very well, but we are dead in the inside because we don't have another choice.
We have to go back to the other side and come to connect with those self-assembly symbols.
So we do it, and we are all happy -- but we feel like transportation, so we started to experience again, we make a lot of the back of the back and over and over and over and over and over and over and over again.
Well, 30 years ago, we came out of the decade of the 1960s.
The architecture were used to experience with the called "called a season.
It has to do with the artist.
And that can be able to help you.
You see small seats, in high school.
Something really hard.
So we are going to go back to the 1980s, and we started to improve those systems.
We put the plant again.
We take those ways we know that we like and we do it.
We were able to go up and we put them together and we use new materials.
I love it.
We don't give it down.
We took Christian Australians and we turn them into the researchers, which can be marriage markets made of video.
The ways are standing up, they put up in the colleague and collective.
They were going to be turned in the colleagues.
The machines grew up to the size of the building.
A corruption.
But they were 90,000 -- that was great.
We all spend the car in commercial center -- we moved to the backs, and there, in the surfaces, we can create our own architecture architecture.
Those guys could be to medicine, to the framework, or the atmosphere.
You can be able to be able to be able to put it up with a piece of passion.
This is what happens to the power.
This is what happens to the system.
They are easy -- they're bad, because instead of creating new spaces -- we remember from other places.
I know very well, and you all know that this is not the Taliban.
This is A.C.
And the architecture are sitting up and we started to make the plant on the other direction.
In the age of 80 and the early principles, we started to experience with the drug called decisions.
We are going to find the stories -- now we put with new techniques of design design, and we found us with new companies, a few ways that are stars against other ways.
This is activity and freedom, and it is sure that you can be able to get completely excited.
You know, the police plant of new diagram in the opposite direction.
But then, happened something surprised?
In 1998, you have this building.
It's the George of Britain, from France Germany.
This building changed the relationship of the world with architecture with architecture.
Paul Germany said that Bill was one of those moments when I grew up and public and public public and a general plant, they were completely about a building.
The New York City.
The transportation in Bill was in a 2,000 percent when they ended up the building.
So suddenly everybody wanted one of those buildings -- the News, Shanghai, Chinese, New York, College, School.
Everybody wanted one, and George was everywhere.
He was our first stars in it.
But how is it possible that these forms and solids and radios, how is it possible that they are going to turn into the world?
And it happened, because the media was used to go up to them and quickly we learned that these ways they mean culture and transportation.
We've created an emotional reaction with these ways.
The same thing made the world's main colleagues.
And so they all believe that if they had these forms -- they had culture and transportation.
So this phenomenon of the new million country went with other stars with other things.
He went to "Boy and Law, and what happened with these little architecture in the middle of the new military -- actually started to happen with all the architecture -- the digital media started to increase the speed of the information.
Think about it, for example, how to be able to get architecture here.
A thousand years ago, you would have to have done to the next person to see a building.
The transformation is all addressed, you can take a back, a village, can be transportation.
The expensive technology -- you can see in the periods, and at the end of the end, we are all pictures of architecture.
The architecture is everywhere. That means that the speed of the communication has finally taken the speed of architecture the speed of architecture.
Because the architecture.
It doesn't have a long time to think about a building.
You need a lot of time to build a building, three or four years, and in that time, an architecture can design two, eight or 100 buildings before you know about four years ago, it was a success or not.
Because there has never been a good thing in the architecture.
This is how we found with buildings like this.
It was not a twice of two years, but 20 years.
For 20 years, we were building buildings like this because we did not have any idea how much of them.
That's never going to be going to happen. I think, because we are in the most revolution of the biggest revolution in architecture from the information of the ants or the article, and it's the media of the media.
My theory is that when you apply the blood to the media of communication -- it starts to make it more quickly -- until it will be in both of them as far as it is in both of the extinction -- and it becomes exactly the difference between innovation.
Now we can do the almost institutions -- with emotional care of something completely new.
I'll show you how the system works.
We went up to hold up this building that would come in.
This is the center of a village called Pictures in Francisco Steven, in the state of New York.
It's a community.
But that means that two years before the building, it was already part of the community, and as the bees looked like exactly the product protected, there was no surprise there.
The building came to be part of the community -- that first summer -- when people started to get and share it in social media -- the building left to be just a building, it became a building, it became a building, because these are not just images of a building.
And as you use them to tell their story, they become part of the personal nature, and that makes us focus with the collective memory -- and when you can make these symbols -- we learn to us.
I mean, we don't need the groups to tell us how to think about.
We can tell us what we think about architecture -- because digital media has not only changed the relationship between us, but they have changed the relationship between us and the building.
Think about a second of those little Lawson seasons.
If that building is built today, first we were going to go to the Internet for new biologists?
We would be based with examples of experience, of innovation about what it can be a bill.
That is common.
They can take the colleague of London, to the people of Los, and to tell you that there is no answer to what it might be a bit today.
Let's be part of this.
This state of solutions day the freedom of experience.
It's all different now.
The architecture are no longer these similar creatures that are using fundamental words, and you're already not a public public that doesn't hear something that has no seen before.
And the architecture can listen to you, and you don't let care of the architecture.
And that means that the total plant of one thing to another one, from a movement to another, is relevant.
In fact, we can go up and find solutions to the problems that face the society.
This is the end of the story, and it means that the buildings of the morning will be very different to the buildings today.
This means that a public space in the old city of Sea can be only and address to the measure of a modern city.
And this means that a state in Brazil, can be that, a state in Brazil, and not a bad image of right decade with based on the ideas of what it should be a state.
This means that some robots can build our buildings because we finally will be ready for the ways that are going to produce it.
That means that the buildings are taken to the causes of nature and not to control.
And this means that a set of static in Michael Berlin, Francisco, can also be able to be able to do or for me, or even you can get up there at night.
This means that three artists can be able to be born in the New York, and to get a half million dollars of the community in the top of that cause -- it's no longer just a alone.
It means that no building is too small for innovation.
Because it doesn't matter if it's a ball or a robot who built our buildings together.
It doesn't matter how we build -- what matters is what we built in.
The architecture you know how to make more electrical buildings and more smart and more sea.
We've been waiting for all of you.
And finally, we are no longer at all.
They find an architecture -- and you get it together and work together to make better buildings better cities for a better world, because there's a lot of play.
The buildings don't just reduce our society, but they give them way to the most small space, the local bloods, the hospitals where we face our kids, and the step of the data to the base of the network.
Thank you very much.
This is my surface, Steve.
I was just going to get a year and he started to walk on.
And it does it in that great way, a typical of the children of a year, and it was as if your body was moving too fast for their legs to do.
It is completely process.
And one of the things that you like to do for the moment is to look at the mission.
She really love her record.
It goes back and Chinese, and it gives themselves all these big little and language.
It's beautiful.
All of your friends do this and my mom tells me that I used to do it -- and he made me think, when to do this?
How is it that we suddenly are not going to like our approach?
Because unfortunately, we don't like it.
Every month, 10 people are looking at Google, "I'm fail?
This is Facebook, it's 12 years old and live in Denmark.
And as any analysis, you just want to be wanted and fight.
It's shown by the night.
This is getting for the next week in school.
It has a little bit of fear -- it's a little bit.
between what his mom tells him and what his friends, or schools of school say, you don't know who to believe it.
So it makes a video of her, and I put it in YouTube, and he asked others that please leave a street, "I'm good or I'm fail?
Well, so far in the right now, Facebook has been getting more than 13 companies.
Some of these are so dead, that it doesn't even mean the way to think about them.
So we talk about a healthy school, normal and control, which has these answers in one of the most vulnerable life of their most exciting life.
Now, thousands of people are putting videos like this, in their biggest girls trying to communicate this way.
But what is it trying to do this?
Well, the techniques today.
They are under being on the line and available all the time, talking about, taking me to me, and I would like to stay up, shared, shared, shared, to share -- this never ended up.
We have never been so connected -- in a way, in the way, so young as young as young people.
As a mother said to me, "It's like there is a picture in your fourth next night.
There is just no practice there.
And the social processes that go from the hand with that are implicit.
This environment -- to be always connected to our children to carry on our children in the number of me like to have and the kinds of food that they have.
There's no difference between a life and real life.
It's really hard to know the differences between what's real or what it is.
And also, it's very hard to know the difference between what it is.
What is the most destroying thing in the life of someone in front of what is normal in a digital context in a day.
And where are you looking for institution?
Well, you can see the kind of images that are adapted from the news of the girls now.
The mountain models of the back is still taking our paradigms.
The technical techniques is now a forest.
And the terrorists like the things: "Canory: "Come and surgery.
For those of you who do it, it would be a professional meaning of professionals.
These tools are associated from women in the popular culture today.
It's not hard to see what the young people.
But the kids are not inspired to this.
Like the stars of the desk, and the state states of the detail, and the statement states.
But what is the problem with all this?
Well, we don't want our children to grow out and be individual individuals so well.
But in a cultural culture by the picture, we're teaching our children to make more time and the mental effort to their approach, at the process of all of the other aspects of their identity as well.
And things like their relationships -- the development of their physical ability -- their studies and others are starting to come out.
seven in every 10 children are going to do something because they think you don't see the bad enough.
These are not traditional activity.
They are fundamental activity for their growth as human beings and how you care to society and the field of the local development of the local development of the moral development of the moral development.
3D percent, almost one of the three tests are not interested in the kinds of class. They end up involved in the class details because they don't want to call the attention for their physical aspect of physical aspect as well.
One of every five aren't going to the class to the days when you don't feel care about it.
And in terms of extraordinary, if you don't think you see the good enough -- especially if you don't think you are excited enough -- you will get a little bit less to the average of your companies who don't worry about that of the application.
And this phenomenon has been focused on Finance, the United States.
And it gives us in what they actually spend these young people.
So, so that we are going to be able to be able to be talking about you as you see you, not how you are really, not how you're really true.
The surgery on your body is depending out of the activity of activity.
And it's also doing the health.
The techniques with a little bit, they make less physical activity.
They have between authority.
They are more excited by the people who get them out and they're in greater risk risk here.
And we think it's all this way for what they take more artists -- like the control of alternative and drugs and distances -- direction directions, service relatives to the early early and profit and profit day.
The search of the perfect body is beginning to the health system, and our government costs thousands of dollars every year.
And we are not going to do it.
women who believe that they have again again, even though they have or don't have a lot of antibodies.
The 16 percent of women are not present to a work of work in one day where you don't feel safe with the way you see.
Think about a moment in what this is doing to our economy.
If we could be able to support this, what would it be that opportunity?
You can read this potential to each of us.
But how do we do that?
Well, talking about it, I don't get very far away.
Not so much.
If you really want to change things -- you have to do something.
And we've learned that there are three key forms -- the first thing is that we have to take trust in their own body.
We have to help our willing to develop studies to support the pressure of the perfect images and build their authoritarian.
The good news is that there are many programs available to do it.
The bad news is that most of these don't work.
I was very surprised when I learned that a lot of good programs are going to be able to be able to be able to be able to get the situation.
And so we need to make sure that the program that they follow our children will not just have a positive impact but also a modern impact as well.
And the research studies show that the best programs are focused on six key areas -- the first is the influence of the family, friends and relationships.
These six species are points of critical particles for any willing to open an education in the face of corruption that works.
One education is fundamental -- but we're going to make this problem from each of us that we take the conditions in the issue and we are a better model to follow for women and children in our own lives, our own lives.
It's going to focus on the current state of the women are seen and managed in our careers.
It's not good to tell you with the support of our policy in terms of weight or the size of their personalities, or to figure out that the democracy or the success of a solid author is not a big beauty of the fact that it's not a big beauty of the fact that it's not a big beauty of the fact that it's not a big beauty of the
We need to start to play people so they are, not just like you see.
We all can start doing it by using the responsibility for the kind of images and control that we published in our social network.
We can choose the people based on their effort and their choices and not in their environment.
And let me ask you, when was the last time you had a fish?
In fact, we have to work together as communities and as companies and as companies -- to change our culture, so that our children are going to value all their person, to value the individual, the diversity -- the disease.
We have to put the people who are really making the difference in a periodical.
So to make a difference in the real world, we will make them be the ones that go in the big screen because we just create a different world.
A world where our children are free to become the best version of them, where the way they believe that you can see that you can be who they are, or to reach what they want in their lives.
Think about what this can mean for someone in their lives.
What do you have in mind.
He was home?
And the sister?
And he did his do?
On your friend?
It could be just the woman who is two seats of distribution. What would it mean for it if it was limited from that car voice in his front -- that I was going to be able to have long legs -- more democracy, a little bit more distance, a little bit more smaller.
What would it mean for her if we knew this and we would say how to go back to their potential that way.
Right now, the obsessed of our culture with the images is getting up all of us.
But let's teach our children the truth.
So let's show that the way you see is just a part of your identity -- and that the truth is that we love them for who they are and for what they do, and by how they make us feel sense.
We including the authoritarian of our school.
We change each one of us, the way we talk about and we share with other people.
And we work together as a community, from small groups to governments -- so that the little trials of a year of today, they become a sense of changes in the same morning.
Let's do it.
The five percent of 1950 -- a guy named the United States went back to a hospital in Mars and additional Arab Red Kan, the leader of the Leader Leader Leader.
You know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, but it would be present by other characters in the company of others -- they started to put them back to the advantage of about 12 dollars in New York, including tests, sensitive and the United States.
And by the way, those plants were made by a program of the FBI.
There was a bit of 2005 in the World Treate Tororist, you couldn't get up.
And then then I would see it would be connected by his passion in that stream.
The United States is my father.
I was born in Paris, Paris, in experiments.
Just when I was seven years old, our family started to change.
My father taught me a form of the Island, which is very few -- even most of the machines -- they get to know.
For experience I saw that when people take time to interact it, you don't get a lot to get the same things in life.
However, in all right, in every human group, there is always a little fantastic of people who are going to be so excited to their conditions that you think you have to use all the possible media for everybody to live like them.
A few months before he was sitting up with me, and I would explain that in the last few weeks of week, he and some friends had been looking at the store of the store in London Steven, to protect it.
He told me that I would go with him the next day.
We came to the Paris Carter that without knowing our group.
When I took my father to help me, my father helped me to hold up the record in the man and I would tell me how to take the goal to about 30 feet.
That day, with the last battle that I gave him to the little light light on the goal and so on all of all of us, especially me, all of the state of the state in call called them.
My dream came back to the others and in Rome, he said "I was a bomb "like?
From a father -- a child.
And all of all, the company would give you a lot of restricted, but just a few years later, I understand what it looks like as much.
They saw in me, the same level of relationship that my father could cause it.
Those people later they would be used to put a care with 100 miles of experts in the surface of the North State of the World Treating Center of the World Treating Country, going to be an experiment that killed six people and he did to another 1,000 people.
I would take those men.
And I call them "Line: which means no.
And when I was 19, I had been killed 20 times. That institutions during my child didn't allow me to do a lot of advantages.
Every time I started to feel a little bit about someone that was time to go up and go to another city.
As I was always I was the new face of the class of the class that it was a marketing view.
And I was able to see my identity to avoid to be the white -- but it will be the new of the class and self-assembly and record, it was enough.
So most of the time was going to be able to read books.
So for these reasons I don't develop social skills -- to tell it sure -- to grow up under factors, it was not prepared for the real world.
And I was used to play the people, with the basis in the architecture -- as their reason or their relationship or their relationship or their relationship or their relationship or their relationship or their relationship or their relationship or their relationship or their relationship or their relationship or their relationship or their relationship or their relationship or their relationship or their relationship or their relationship or their relationship or
So how could you open your eyes out?
One of the first experiences that they were going to test my way to think about -- it was during the early president of 200 percent.
In a college program in which I was involved in the National National Connect in Philadelphia.
My group was sent in the subject of sub-Saharan violence -- like I had been able to kill almost all my life, it was something I felt a lot of passion for it.
The members of this group came out of a little bit.
One day, to the end of the conversation -- I found that one of the kids who had been done, was born.
I took a number of days to go to the light, and I realized that there was no analyze between the two.
I had never had a friend who had been had a friend and I found me very proud to have been able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to believe that it was an incredible.
Another critical moment came up when I got a summer work in Britain Gates, a couple of diversity particle.
I found me with people from all kinds of creative and culture -- that experience was fundamental in the development of my care.
And all of life had taught me that the human was a little bit and, for course, all of the Americans were bad innovation.
By the way, I had the opportunity to work with health access there, and I could see that several of them were the most yellow and less creatures that had seen in life.
And I have been able to a child, developed a sense of impact to the surface of each other, but it was not easy to me to try to bring them in, exactly in the way that I would have wanted to be trying to be.
And by that sense, I could focus on the states that had taught me about a child, with the experience of interaction in real life.
I don't know what it is to be humanity, but I know what it is to be playing for something beyond my control.
Then I came the San Sander."
All the night, John Started made me be incredibly honor to my interventions, and I helped me see that the reason of people, the relationship or sexual artist, they have nothing to do with the care.
And in many ways he became my first piece in a moment where I was willing to need it.
You know, the inspiration can come out of the inspiration, and that one of us would have had a better influence in my life that my own father -- except -- it was not going to go into it.
One day I had a conversation with my mother about how I was changing my way to think about it, and she told me something that was going to be able to focus on my heart for always as it is alive.
And she looked at me with the eyes of someone who has gotten enough enough and he said, "I'm trying to have a disappear?
At that point, I realized how much negative energy is need to keep all that day in your inside you.
My name is not "Mandela Francisco.
He changed it when my family decided to break the relationship with my father and start a new life.
So why do I decided to go back and put up in a real reason?
Well, it's simple.
I have done it because I hope somebody else is going to be trying to take the violence -- I can hear my story and understand that there is a better way.
By the way, I decided to use my experience to fight the transportation and against the presentations.
I do it for the speed of the transportation and for their beings were going to do -- because of the temperature and the loss that the territory has been produced in their lives.
And by the speed of the transportation to talk to you about those activities without sense.
And with this simple I'm going to get me here as a test that violence is not an amazing thing to any relationship or right -- that children don't have to follow their parents from their parents from their parents.
I'm not my father.
Thank you.  Thank you all.  Thank you.  Thank you very much.
At this time there is a film that's project in their mind.
This is a incredible movie film here.
It's in 3D and it has a South sound of what you hear and you see right now. But that's just the beginning.
Your film has a transport, know and text.
It feels your body -- your pain -- your hand, your play.
It has emotions and happiness and happy.
It has remember, as a moment of your infection that you think about your eyes.
And it has a short voice in your blood thinking.
The heart of the movie are you who experience all of it.
So this film is your control flow -- the sound of the experience of the mind and the world.
Consciousness is one of the fundamental truth of the existence of the existence of being human.
Each of us is aware of us.
We all have a film in the very very very very very very very front of you, you and you.
There is nothing that we know more directly.
At least I know I have a piece of our own.
I don't have some of you to be aware of you.
The consciousness is also the reason to live.
If we weren't aware of it, nothing in our lives would have sense or value.
But at the same time it's the most similar phenomenon of the universe.
Why are we considerable?
Why do we have these interview interventions?
Why are we not just robots that we're going to have to produce the results without experience the international film of the Internet.
At this time, nobody knows the answer to those questions.
I knew that to increase the consciousness to science -- you need some traditional ideas.
Some people say that it is impossible to be a science science science.
The science -- for nature, it is object to do.
Consciousness, for nature, is surface.
So there may never be a science.
Because for almost all the 20th century, I would predict that vision of it.
The psychology was studying the behavior.
Even 30 years ago, when TED began -- there were very few scientific jobs about consciousness about it.
After 20 years ago, everything started to change.
New News Chicago and physics like Robert Peter said, "Well, it's the moment for science to consider the consequence?
And since then, there was a real explanation -- a record of the scientific work on the consciousness of conversation.
And this work was great. It was great.
But it also has fundamental limitations to the moment.
The center of the science of consciousness in the recent years was the search of college, control between some areas of the brain and some states of the conversation.
We saw something about this guy in the great work that I think I thought National Kanny a few minutes.
Now we understand a lot better for example, the areas of the brain that are related with the creative experience of seeing cars or to feel happy or feel happy.
But this still is a science science science.
It's not a science.
We know that these areas of the brain are related with certain kinds of knowledge experience, but we don't know why.
I would like to explain to you that this kind of work of the neurons answer a few questions that we want to explain the consciousness -- the questions about what you make certain areas of the brain and with what they do.
But in a sense, those are the easy problems.
No matter to neuroscience.
In fact, there are no easy problems with consciousness today.
Well, not the real control of the center of this material, why every physical process in the brain has to be compared by consciousness?
Why is there a strange intervention stage?
At this moment, we can't understand it.
And you can say, let's take a few years to nature.
It is going to become another huge phenomenon as the limitations, like the humanity, as the life, and we're going to find explain it.
They are all all cases are all cases of extraordinary behavior -- how to get the expensive, how to work, how do the tools come up, and they add and make the living organisms -- they're all questions about the moral work.
That could be able to apply the human brain to explain some behavior and the function of the human brain as a extreme experience -- how we walked on, how we talked about, how we talk about, how we are talking about, and all of these are questions about behavior.
But when it comes to consciousness -- the questions about behavior.
But the hard problem is the question of why it is that all behavior is full of a surface of surgery?
And here it is, the state property of the surface -- the static paradigm of nature, actually doesn't have a lot to say.
I am a kind of heart.
I want a scientific theory of the legal that works. For a long time, I got the head against the wall by looking for a theory of consciousness in some physical terms that would work.
But at the end I came to the concept that it doesn't work for systems that don't work.
I think that we get in this point.
We have a wonderful experience of wonderful experts -- a great thing we get to this -- the physics will explain the change, the climate explain biology -- biology explain part of the physics of the phone.
But the consciousness doesn't seem to focus on this school.
On the one hand, it's a fact that we're aware of.
So we don't know how to take that idea to our scientific view of the world.
I think the consciousness right now, is a kind of animal, something that we need to interact our vision of the world, but we don't know how it is that we don't know how to the world.
And with an animal like this, you can need a traditional ideas -- I think we need ideas that in the beginning of the first seem to be able to be light, before we can deal with the consciousness in a scientific way.
There are some possibility for those crazy ideas.
My friend David Daniel, which is here today, has one.
Their crazy idea is that there is no hard problem of the conversation.
And all the idea of the intervention of the intervention is including a kind of income or confidence.
In fact, what you have to do, is to explain the moral work, the behavior of the brain -- and so they study everything that needs to be.
Well, more power for him.
That is the kind of radical idea that we need to explore if we want to have a theory of the construction of construction problems based on the brain.
At the same time, for me and for a lot of others, that vision is pretty close to just notice that the consequence of consciousness is solved.
But I'm in a different direction.
In the time I want to explore two crazy ideas that I think can be properly.
The first idea is that consciousness is fundamental.
The physics sometimes take some aspects of the universe as fantastic forests: the space and the mom.
They put the fundamental laws that governments -- like the laws of gravity or a quantum medicine.
These laws and fundamental patterns are not explain in terms of nothing else.
At the way, they would be able to be able to be able to build the world.
Sometimes the list of the future is longer.
In the 21st century, Mary found that you can't explain the electric phenomenon in terms of the fantastic control controls, space -- time, milk, language, the big laws of the electronics, and I put the electric laws of the electronics, and I put the electric card as a fundamental concept that those laws are going to do.
I think that is the situation that we found with consciousness with it.
If you can't explain the consciousness in terms of fundamental ideas, space, time, time, market, then for a matter of light, you have to take the list on the list of it.
The most natural thing would be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be a fundamental sign of nature.
This doesn't mean that suddenly it's not an object of science.
It will open the way to bring it out.
So what we need is to study the fundamental laws that governments the consciousness -- the laws that connect the consciousness with other fundamental contents, the space -- the time, the moment, the mapping process.
The physics sometimes say that we want fundamental laws so simple that we can go into a record.
The situation of consciousness is something like this.
We want to find fundamental laws so simple that we can go into a street.
We still don't know what laws are, but that's what we see.
The second idea is that consciousness can be universe.
Every system can have a bunch of consciousness here.
This vision sometimes is called a standard, "Please for all, "Competence for mind, every system is, not just the humans, not just humans -- the body, the markets, the markets, even the microbes of Robert King, the emergency particles of Robert Paris.
Even a picture has some degree of consciousness in it.
The idea is not that people are smart or they think about.
It's not that a picture can be full of anti-gram when you think of, I always travel the speed of light.
I can never stop and put the rooms?
No, so no.
But the thinking is that maybe the pictures can have some full sense of critical feeling -- survival, some private price of the conversation.
This can sound a little bit crazy for you.
How do someone think something so light?
In part this comes from the first crazy idea, that consciousness is a fundamental thing.
If it's fundamental -- as the space, time and mass -- it's natural enough that it can also be universe.
It's also going to be able to notice that even though the idea seems to us, it's a lot less for the people of different culture, where the human mind looks more than the nature.
A more profound reason it comes from the idea that maybe the most simple and powerful way to find fundamental laws that relationship with the physical process.
There is always the information of information, there is consciousness there.
It comes out of complex information, like in a human will be a human.
It comes from simple information.
And something very exciting is that in the recent years a scientist -- George Time, I took this kind of theory and the development of the development and the development of mathematical metaphors.
It has a mathematical measure of information of information -- which is called a day, which is the degrees of information in a system.
And it turns out that guy has to do with consciousness with it.
So in a human brain, there is an incredible high amount of information of information -- a high high dance of children, a lot of consciousness ...
In a mouse there is a huge middle of information of information -- as much as a pretty important thing of a pretty important.
But when you get to the miles, microbes -- particular particles, the grandmother of the guy said.
The level of information of information is better, but it's not zero enough.
In the theory of Tick, there will be still a different level of consequence of zero control.
In fact, it makes a fundamental law of consciousness: high degrees of daughter, high degrees of conversation.
And also, another reason is that particles can help be able to make care about the physical world.
And the physics and the pictures with often have seen that physics is extremely sophisticated construction.
It described the structure of reality using a lot of equations, but we don't talk about the reality that goes down.
And as San San Sander, where does the flow of the electrons?
From the particular vision of the physics of physics you can leave you as they are, but you can use it to describe the flow of the conversation.
That's what the physics are doing basically to describe the flow of the conversation.
In this view, the consciousness is the one that put me in the education.
In that view, the consciousness is not the outside of the physical world as a kind of antibiotic.
It's right there in the center there.
This vision -- I think, the particular vision has the potential to transform our relationship with nature, and it can have social and serious consequences and very serious chances.
Some of them can be an analogy.
I used to think that I had not to eat anything that had consciousness -- then I should be village.
If you are a piece and you hear that vision -- you will have a lot of humans.
I think that I think this is going to try to transform your vision -- while what matters in terms and moral creatures -- it's not so much the fact of consciousness -- but their importance and their behavior.
It is also natural to ask the consciousness in other systems, like computers as well.
What about the artificial intelligence system.
Is it consequence?
In the view of particular information, she has a computer information process -- so that the answer is yes, if it's aware of it.
If this is right -- you can take a pretty series of very serious things about the device of the development of smart computer systems and the ability to get them.
And finally, you can ask for the complex collective consciousness -- the planet.
Do you have your own consequence?
Or at a more local level, a group of the international group, like the audience in a TED talk -- at this time we have a TED collective consciousness -- an interesting film for this TED group of the TED group, different from the end of each of the parts?
I don't know the answer to that question, but I think at least it's a question that has to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to
And so this particular view is a radical vision -- and I don't know if it's right.
I'm actually more sure of the first idea, that consciousness is a fundamental thing, that the second thing is universe.
The view is a lot of questions, a lot of challenges -- like, how these pieces of thinking they trust the kind of complex consciousness that we know and love it.
If we can respond to those questions, then I think we go through the right way to a theory of the serious conversation.
If not, it's probably the most difficult problem of science and physicist.
We can't expect to solve it at night at the morning.
But I think we finally think about it.
I understand the consciousness is the real key -- I think, to understand the universe and to understand ourselves.
Maybe we just need the right idea.
Thank you.
I grew up in a little rural village in Viction.
I had a very normal perspective.
I went to school, I took me with my friends, I was going on with my friends.
It was all a very normal thing.
And when I was 15 years old, a memory of my community came up to my parents because I wanted to be able to get a piece of the community.
And my parents said, "Well, that's very good, but there is a strange problem.
She actually has not got anything --  and they had right.
I went to school, I had good news. And after school, I had a little bit of my mother, and I had a lot of time looking at the "States "The "States and "The Virtual Sea and "China Craftic."
Yes, I know that.
But they had right.
I didn't do anything that was extraordinary at all.
No one that can be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to take the discovery outside the equation.
years later, I was in the second part of the teach in a high school school in Michael, just after about 20 minutes in the top 11 minutes a guy who was going on the hand and said, "Hey, when you give your discovery?
And I said, "What do you discover?
Well, I had been talking about the law law for a few minutes.
And he said, "You know, your moral discovery.
When the people in front of you, you talk about international things in school.
By the way, in the side of action?
And that was when I gave me, this child had had experience with people with people who are distributed as objects of institutions as well.
And we are not. And it's not complete of the girl, is to say, that's true for many of us.
For us, people who are not our teachers or our doctors or our magnets.
We're not real people. We're there.
And in fact, I'm in this stage to look at what I do in this room, and you probably are waiting to get them to you.  Yeah.  Yeah.  Yeah.
Well, ladies and gentlemen, I'm going to be able to give you surprised.
I'm not here.
I am here to tell you that they have become a relationship to distribution.
Yes, you have sold us the sense that the discovery is something wrong -- Mars, Mars member.
It's a bad thing and live with a discussion you make you.
It's not a bad thing and it doesn't make a little bit.
And in the last few years, we've been able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be more and more of social communication through social community.
It's possible that you've seen images like this, "The only design in life is a bad activity?
Or this other, "The expert is inventor?
Or this another one, "Instantly to get into it, interview?
These are just a couple of examples but there is a lot of them.
It can be that you have seen one of the child without hands by doing with a state on the boat.
You may have seen a child who goes up with legs of carbon face.
And there are a lot of these images -- which is what we call the particular institution.
And I use the term to detect a group of people who are doing a group of people for the benefit of another group of people.
So in this case, we set up the discoveries in the benefit of people without distribution.
And the purpose of these images is to give you, so we can see it and think, "Well, by very bad that my life, it could be worse to be worse there.
I could be that person.
But if you are that?
I have lost the number of the number of times that have been able to express that they believe that I am value or a source of inspired -- and this happens before my work had a public period.
It was as if I was happy to get up on the morning and remember my own name --  and this is to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be
These images -- those images affect people with distribution in the benefit of people without distribution.
They are there so you can see them and think that things are not so bad for you, or to put their care in perspective.
And life as a personal person is actually a hard thing.
We have some things.
But the things that we knew are not the things that you can think about.
They're not right things to our body.
I use the term people who were discovered because I was going to be called the social model of discovery, which tells us that we are more available because of the society where we live that because of our bodies or diagrams.
So I've lived in this body for a long time.
I am very excited with him.
The things I need to do, and I've learned to take the best of their ability to be able to do it, and that's what happens to the children of those pictures as well.
They're not doing anything out of the common thing.
They just are using their bodies by doing the best of their ability to do.
So it's really just going to be able to put them into the way we do it, when you share those images?
When people tell us, you're a source of inspiration -- it tells it as a company.
And I know why happens.
It's about the mind, because they have sold this sense that the device makes us exciting.
And honestly, it doesn't do it.
And I know what you're thinking.
I am here by the institution, and you think, "Oh God, Steve, you are not sometimes inspired by something.
And actually, I know I am today.
And I learned from other people in all the time.
However, I don't learn that I'm more likely than them.
I learned that this is a great idea to use a little bit of water to pick up the things that get me.  And I learned the tried of how to reach the bank of the mobile phone in the bank of the side.
Good.
We learn from the force and responsibility of each other, not against our bodies and our discovery, but against a world that happens to us.
I really think that you think that they have sold us about the destination is the biggest intervention.
It makes us hard life.
And that car, "The only design in life is a bad activity: the reason that is that it is not true, because of the social model of discovery.
A lot of sounds for a state of schools has not done it to become a robot.
Not --  -- San and service for a terrible room will not be able to be able to be able to be able to look at the surfaces for the people.
I don't have a lot of people in the middle of a book and transformed a positive act to turn all those books to the boat.
It's just not going to happen.
I want to actually live in a world where the device is not example, but the normal.
I want to live where a age of 15 years old, sitting in his doctor looking at "The "Libberg "The Virgin Virginia is not being aware of nothing to be in a side.
I want to live in a world where we don't have so low experience of the people with discovery that we are happy to get out of the road and remember our name in the morning.
I want to live in a world where we value the genetic grandmother of people with distribution, and I want to live in a world where a child of the 11 degrees in a high school of Michael is not a little bit that their new teacher is a little bit of subjects.
We don't make it exciting, but to question what you think to know about it, I know it does it.
Thank you.
What do you have to see the real reality and the professional factory, with the experiment?
And what is the average speed of an authority without care?
Unfortunately, I'm just going to answer one of those questions -- so please don't go down.
When people think about it, you think about "The "State Revolution, and in San Congo by looking at the hands in the air -- but the reality is not science.
The real reality is something that happens in our day and happen because we have the tools for it, and people need to know, because the reality is going to change our lives as much as the Internet and the mobile phone.
So how do we get to the real reality?
The first step -- it's what I did is, the Google Gates Gallery.
I'm sure many of them are familiar with them.
What you may not know is that Google God are a device that allows them to see what I see.
I'll allow them to experience what is a professional design in the field.
Right now, the only way to be in the field is that I try to describe it.
I have to use words.
I have to create a market that you will take with your imagination with your imagination with you.
We can use the Google Google, under a house and know what it is to run through the game of game at the back of the game.
We can know that it feels that a man of 100 degrees performed, trying to focus on all of their be.
I have been there and I make sure that it's not a dangerous.
I took some video to show you what the Google Google is under the hospital, and give them an idea of that.
Unfortunately, they're not images from the UNAA, because the idea of the UNAA technology.
So let's see a video.
Chris King: Let's go.
It's horrible to be a control.
A moment. Let's take a little bit.
Presidently present?
Let's go on.
Chris King: As you can see, it is a protection of what's going to be demonstrated in the front field -- from the perfect perspective.
You may have realized that bad people, the rest of the team.
We have a video of them.
Market marketing foot: Diamond 447 Days?
blue eight percent, Borean 24.
Chris Koran: This is a little bit more to the feeling being in the field -- but it has nothing to do with being in the USA.
They want that experience.
They want to be in the field -- it will be their favorite players, and they have asked me in New and the TED and in Twitter, you can see from the neighborhood of a field of the field of the field of the field of a field.
Or a control?
We want to experience that?
Once we have that experience with Google and Google German, how do we take it back to the next level, how do we take it into the next level.
We take it back to that level using something called the Richard Richard, which is probably a lot of you know.
The Red Red has been described as the approach of real virtual reality -- and it's not very much based.
And I'm going to show you why this video.
Man: Oh, OK?
No, no, no. I don't want to keep playing play?
Oh, my God, right?
MR: That's the experience of a man in a mountain mountain being having their life.
So what would be the experience of a famous when we get a video of Adam Park by creating the line -- dependent out of a device with the arm before you go back and make a analogy? What would be the experience of a song for a famous field to be the experience.
When I can be me running out of the car, I would get the ball to the bottom of the reactor: or First doing a side in Williams."
What will be your experience when it comes to a lot over 100 miles as a state school?
Maybe you see the particles of patterns for adults.
But this is not really really actually all the way.
It's just virtual reality.
How do we make the real reality -- Richard."
We're going to make the real reality when you get them in, the markets and the bees see the information of what people want to see and think, "How do we use this to improve our schools?
How do we use it to get particles?
Because they are always using technology to win them.
They like to win them. It gives you money.
So here is a piece of record about technology in the USA.
In 2010, the Parkinson's Parkinsons had been able to get up to his field of field so that I would play faster to play faster for it.
They won the South Benker that year.
Other team decided to take them out.
And more people saw the part because it was more exciting -- faster faster to it.
In 1998, the NSA was put up in the heads of the field and then in the decisions of definitions.
They had more specialists because it was faster because it was faster than that.
In 2010, imagine that they are a place coming back to their group and you see their next place in front of you, in a piece of plastic that they come on.
Or to look at the strategy for me.
They just go to the field and they do it.
And the entrepreneurs want to do it because if you don't get their institutions -- they lose particles, and they have to lose particular.
If you lose a few of you who are approached as a stream.
And they don't want that.
But the reality is not just a kind of better strategies that are very much a better thing.
The reality is also a way to pick information and use it in real time to improve your way to play the particular.
How do you do?
Well, a very simple choice would be having a camera in every corner of the state having a view from the high people who are down.
You also get information of the shops and the engineers, something that's already working on.
And all of that information will go into your players.
The good team would be able to send it.
The bad ones will have an information.
This makes the good teams of the bad.
So your team of information will be as important as your records, and the data of data will stop to be just to needs to be.
It will be also to detect. Who would have imagine?
How would it be in the camp?
Imagine that they're the field of field.
You get the ball and regions.
You look at an open record of a record in the left part of your vision of your vision of your vision behind you is going to carry.
And you go to the protein area of it.
Another field will be able to be an open record.
You take it down the ball, but they were destroying you.
And the bank lost the transport.
You don't know where to be able to be able to be able to be able to see in his view a area of the boat that is encouraging and can be able to make the face.
It goes up with the balloon, comes up and analyze.
The public public and the factors have been taken out from each of them.
This is something that will create a massive emotions in the past.
I will make lots of people see it, because people want to live that experience.
They want to be in the field.
They want to be your favorite place.
The reality is going to be part of the design because it's too much to not be.
But what I ask you is, we want this to be the only use of the reality of reality?
We're going to use it just as a pattern and car, as our control soldier?
Because I think we can use it for something else.
I think we can use the real reality to make the impact between human beings to show someone how it is, literally being in the place of another person.
We know what this technology is going to do for defense light.
It makes thousands of dollars a year.
But how much is this technology for a teacher in the room trying to show a finger how hard are their action from the view of visualize?
How much is this technology for a galaxy in United States or Robert trying to show the world how it would be like?
So how much is also going to be able to be done or a New Detroit Deney's trying to inspired a generation of children so that they think more in space and science instead of terrible and science rather than the terrorist and school notes and school and school notes.
Seconds and gentlemen, the real reality is going on.
The questions we do, the decisions that we take and the challenges that we face -- you know, just as always of us.
Thank you.
I remember me after 24 years of services in the Hill Park of Caribbean.
Most of those 23 years I was able to pay the extremely South Sun of the control of Mars, which is including the God God.
The bridge is a inner structure, known by their beautiful views of San Francisco -- the Ocean Allistan -- and their own architecture is an artificial thing.
By the way, it's also an image for the surface, being one of the most using places in the world.
And the New Galler was open in 1987.
John States, engineering expectancy to build the beach, he said that, "The bridge is probably at surface of surfaces.
The surface from the bridge is not a professional or professionally.
But from his application, more than 150 people have gone up to their death from that person.
Some of them believe that I would travel between the two.
But let me tell you that happens when the bridge is used to make surface.
After one every book of four to five seconds, the body goes against the water.
The impact goes up with the bones -- some of those people who are looking at living organs in which you make the living organs of them.
Most of them die in the impact of it.
The ones that don't do in the water water, and then they get up.
I don't think that the ones that are going to tell this piece of surface to be able to get out of the death of the death that they will get in.
This is the card.
And except around the two trains, there are 3D paradigm paradigm to the point.
This is where most people are in order to take life.
I can tell you for experience that once the person is in that bottom, and in the most dark time, it's very hard to bring them back into it.
I took this picture last year while this young woman talked with an office to control his life.
I want to tell you that we had success that day to bring it back on the back.
When I started working on the question, we did not have any way that we did not have any way.
We went up to keep the way through these calls called them.
This was not just a bad service to those who are going to control the surface, but the opportunities too.
We've got a long way since then.
Today, there will be where you can go into the new policy and policy to the new offices.
This is James David.
I met it 22 percent of Japanese last year when I got a call of a possible sounds sitting in the top of the center of the center of the center of the center of the center of the center of the center of the center of the center of the center of the center of the center of the center of the center of the center of the center
And I said, and when I came up, I looked at John talking to a profit of the New Galenton.
James had only 24 years old, and I had come up with the New Jewish.
In fact, I had come up up to here two times before.
After about a time talking to Johnson, I asked us if we know the story of the Park of Park.
And I was going to remember the grandmother microscope, Bone created Park, and I sent the Earth to the Earth with a box and he said, "You never open that box.
Well, one day, collective could be more than Pale, and she opened the box down.
And they came up with plants, weight, and all kinds of bad against man.
The only good thing in the box was the hope.
So James asked us, "What happens if you open the box and there's no hope.
It was a sense of installations, and you get up on the right, and it was.
This guy named and smart from New Jersey was just going to take life.
I talked to the parents of John that night, and I guess when I was talking to them, it didn't seem to be a lot of very well, because the next day of the family called me to see how it was.
The parents of James had been asked it.
The local data of the surface.
And I put these questions, what would you do if a memory of your family or a friend or someone else was surprised?
What would you do?
Do you know what to do?
In my experience, I don't just have to talk about, but you have to hear it.
I heard to understand it.
They don't discover them, and you tell the person who you know how it feels like, because you probably don't know.
It's just going to be there, you can be the bottom point that they need.
If you think that someone is survival, you don't have fear to get them and make the question.
One way to tell you the question is, "You know, you can have been thinking about their life.
And I will go to the person in front of it can save life and being the point of engineering for them.
Some of them are going to be able to look at it, waiting, to believe that things are terrible and they're never going to be better, installation, believe that there is nothing that you can do about it.
And I got this talk just a couple of days ago, and I got a picture of a sea and I would like to read you his face.
She lost his son at the age of this year, and I wrote this journey just a couple of days ago, and it is with his period and beauty that I read them.
"Hey, Kenya.
It must be a whole experience to be there.
I'm thinking that I should go back to the back this end of week.
I just wanted to leave a news.
I hope you can tell a lot of people and go home to talk about it to their friends who tell their friends, and so on.
I am still a lot of interesting, but I'm going to get more moments to realize that Michael will not go home.
Michael was coming from Paris to San Francisco to see the part of the 40 to his father at the age of his father 19.
I never got there.
And I called the Polie police and he took it up as that night.
At the next morning, two activity came to my house, and I showed me that the car of Michael was under the point.
And one person had seen it out from the person to the 1980s in the front of the day.
Thank you very much.
Who has not been better without having a real mental disease.
It shouldn't be so easy to go to it.
My objects are with your fight for you.
On the GDP, the New Galler God is supposed to be a park through our beautiful bank, not a forest.
All right, this week, Video."
I can't imagine the value that she needs to go back to go back and get the way that his son took that day, and also the value to come up with it.
I would like to introduce you to a man who I mean with hope.
The 11 percent of 1960s, and I respond to a call by a position for a possible sounds in the top of the point about the North theory.
I found my mind on the face and I looked at this man, Kenya Benjamin, of foot in the air.
When I looked at me, I was able to get the film, and he was sitting on that little terrorist that goes around the top.
Over the time and a half of the next time, I heard like Kenya talked about his designer and designers.
Kenya decided for his head that day back on that car and give it to life another opportunity.
When Kenya came back, it was happy.
This is a new beginning -- a new life.
But I asked him, "What was what he made you go back and give you the hope and life another opportunity?
And you know what he said.
He said, "I hear it.
I let me talk about and just listen?
And then I got a little bit after that institution, I got a letter of the mother of Kenya, and I have that letter with me, and I would like to do it.
"I want Service Brazil, nothing will be able to get the effects of the 11 of Mars, and you are one of the reasons why Kenya comes with us.
Now, I think Kenya was called the help.
It's been done with a mental disease.
And I went to Kenya when I was only six months old, completely infected from all of those high headlines -- but thank God, now we know.
Kenya is in order -- like the said.
We give them thank God for you.
It was just on the heart with you, San Berkeley."
And at the end she wrote -- "Please, when I saw the General House of San Francisco that night, you work like the patient.
"I know I did have to survive?
In fact, Kenya is a dark father and an act of society.
I talk about the events of that day and his decision with the hope that their story will inspired others.
The surface is not just something I've found in the work.
It's person.
My grandmother was supposed to see me.
That act -- despite the end of taking his own pain -- I robot the opportunity to know it.
This is what the surface does.
For most of the people, or those who would be able to be able to be able to take another person.
They just want their own pain to get up.
And so, this is just just three ways -- I would get out of the drugs or the death or the death.
In my face, I have been involved and I've been involved in hundreds of mental diseases and calls around the poem.
And of those individuals that I've been directly in, I've just lost two, but those two are too much.
One was John.
The other one was a man who was talking about a hour.
For that time, I took my hand in three states.
In the final leader, I looked at me, and he said, "What do I feel -- but I have to go.
And he came out.
Hollowed how healthy how incredible.
I want to tell you, though, that the great majority of people that we are going to have to tell you in that bridge not survive.
And also, those few people who have come out of the bridge and live and that you can talk about it, that one one or two, most of those people have said that the second of those people have been said that the second thing had been able to realize that they had made a freedom and they wanted to live in.
I say to people, the question is not only connected with San Francisco, but also people.
That connection or I think we do, is something that all of us and each one of us should be used to do.
The surface can be able to prevent it.
There's help. There's hope.
Thank you very much.
The world makes you be what you are, but in your inside you know what you are, and a question will go up, how do you become that?
I have to be something only in that sense, but I'm not alone -- in any way I am alone.
When I became a model I felt that I had finally done the dream that I had ever had from a child.
My outside finally worked with my real truth with my inside me.
And by the reason why I was going to get more later, when I look at this picture I think -- I think -- George George, you get it -- you get it.
But the past.
We all take our families together, our religion -- our society, our society in history, even our body.
Some of them have the value of limited, to get rid of the colleagues for the color of the skin or for the belief of those who are going on.
These are people who are always going to be able to be able to be able to be able to continue it.
In my case, the last nine years -- many of my neighbors, many of my friends, my grandmother even -- I went up my story.
I think that this increase is called record.
This is the me.
They got me to me like "Boy because of the approach of my genetics.
I remember that my five years in the Philips, in my house, in my house, I always had this street in the head.
And my mom asked me, "Why do you always take that street in the head?
I said, "Mom, it's my brother -- I'm a girl?
I knew then how to get up.
The government has always been able to be able to make an amazing fact, but now we know that, actually, it's more complex and microbe.
Because of my success. I never brought me to share my story -- not because I thought I would be a bad thing, but by how the world is going to get to those of us who want to leave it.
All of the days I would be woman.
I have mom and a family and a family that I'm going to tell me like I are.
Many of them are not so straight.
There is a long deal in the public culture that will control the minister of the general.
There is a bad dance of compassion.
There is a day day, a day of the feet.
And when I was eight years old, I was in a street in the Philips that I come up with these ministers.
I was in front of the stage and I remember that this beautiful woman came up with me, and I remember that moment as if something would be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be
And when I was 15 years old, when I was still a man, I met this woman called TED.
It is the direction of a beautiful bull control.
And that night she asked me, "Why haven't you been involved in the bunch of beauty?
He said to me that if she was able to be able to get out of the entrepreneurs of intervention and vision, and that night, they put up in the bank of bank, and I had a third fish between over 40 careers.
That moment changed my life.
All of a sudden, I was inside the world of beauty research.
Not a lot of people can say that their first work was from a beauty of beautiful women.
I also met the data of the designers, about everything when we went back to the Republicans of the Philips.
But more important than all that, I met my best friends of that community.
In 2008, my mom had moved to San Francisco -- I called me and I told me that they were able to put my solution of the green art that I could go to live to the United States.
And I mean, I got rid of it.
I said to my mother -- "Man: I'm going to do it.
I'm here with friends, I like to travel and be a beauty of beauty?
But then, two weeks later, I call me and said, "You know that if you moved to the United States you can change the name and the normal identity of government?
It was all I needed to listen to.
My mom told me that I would put two or my name.
And she was also given me when I was going to go in Toron to the 16 years.
It is culture that in some of the most rural cities of Taba actually make the most private surgery and solutions and survival.
And at that time, in the United States, it was need to make the face before we change the name and the government.
And so in 2008, I went to San Francisco and I remember to look at the control of the context with the name of the Germany and the future of the future general.
It was a big moment.
For some people, their identity of identity means power or power to get a transport, but for me it was the light to live -- to feel a disaster.
And so my members were seen me mentor.
I felt that I could put my dream and move to New York, and it will be model.
Many of them are not so straight.
I think about this woman who was Boston National Boston.
A young woman in New York who was going to live his truth -- but that, I went through his life.
For many of my community, that's the reality that they live in.
Our surface rate is eight times more high than the rest of the population.
And every 20 percent of us are doing a global violence by the Daniel Congo of the Telescope.
I am in this stage because of a long story of people who put up and put it out of the institution.
So this is Mars Park Park and John English.
Today, in this same time, I'm coming out of the artist.
I can't keep living my truth and just for me.
I want to do the best thing to help others to live their truth without sure, no fear of it.
I'm here, exploring for any day there is no longer more than 20 of us.
My most profound truth led me to accept what I are.
You will do it?
Thank you very much.
Thank you, thank you, thank you.  David Santa, George, a quick question.
George Robert: Of course, you see, you see, first of all of my beautiful.
So my area of support -- to my parents especially to my family -- which is very strong in it.
I remember all the times I have been asked to young young women -- that I have heard -- and sometimes when I was called and they told me that his parents couldn't be able to get it, I was called the phone -- I was called my mom and said, "My man: Can you call this woman.
A few times work, other not. It's just identical identity -- that's what's in the center of what we are, right?
I mean, all of us would get a government to the neighborhood, and what I try to do is put on the table the issue that some times that support was not coming up, and there should be a space that allows people to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able
The transportation movement is interviewed to compare with the genome movement.
There's still a lot of work to do.
It should have understood it.
There should be space for quality and to ask questions, and I hope you all are my adults.
KB: Thank you. LG: Thank you.
In a lot of private societies and transportation, the parents are usually known by their kids, but I'm one of the few parents who were known by his daughter and I'm proud of it.
March started his campaign for the education by using their rights in 2008, and when they were taking their effort in 2010, when you put the National National Prince of the peace -- a very famous girl in your country.
Before that, I was my son, but now I'm his father.
Seconds and gentlemen, if we take a look at the history of humanity -- the story of women is the story of intervention, from the visualization, of violence and exploration.
You see, in the private society, right from the beginning of the beginning, when you were going to get a child, their birth is not collecting.
It's not beautiful, not for his father -- not for his mother, not for his mother.
The neighbor comes in, gives their colleagues to the mother and no one happy to the father.
And a mother would get a lot about having a girl to have a child.
When you go to light to the first child, the first child, you put through.
When you go to light to the second child, it gets together, and with the hope of a son, when I was going up with his third son, it feels like a crisis.
Not just the mother, but the daughter -- the daughter -- the nation -- when it comes to it as well.
On the age of five years, when I should go to school, it gets in home and school.
In the age of 12 years, somehow it has a good life.
You can fun.
It can play with your friends on the street, and it can move through the streets like a market.
But when I go in the advantage, when I was 13 years old, you have been proud of his house without a mass paper.
It is connected to four parts of their house.
It's not a free person.
It becomes the call of his father and his brother and his family and his family and if you bring the code of that human surface, it could even kill it.
And it's interesting that this course of honor -- not only the life of a girl, as well.
And so this sister -- it takes the factors of their life and the happiness of their sister in the name of the human surface.
And there is a little bit more of the private societies that is called a speed.
It is supposed to be a good girl must be very straight, very human and so on.
It's the crisis.
The model of a good girl must be calculating.
It's supposed to be successful and that I can get the decisions of their father and their mother and the decisions of the analogies, even if you don't want it.
If you go up with a man who doesn't like or if you walk with a old man -- it has to take it up, because it doesn't want to be distributed to design.
If you spend it very young -- you have to get it out.
You know, you call it a decade.
And what happens at the end.
In the words of a poetry, "The hole, and then it gives the more children and daughters?
And the subject of the situation is that this mother -- I took the same lesson to his daughter and the same lesson of honor to their children.
And this control collection is going on.
They were going to be beautiful and sister and when I was born Malani, and for the first time, I don't like the record records, to be honest, but when I was there and look at his eyes, I was going to be a sense of honest.
And so much before I was born -- I thought about his name -- and I was excited with a record leadership of the freedom in Afghanistan.
His name was Mars from Mars, and I called my daughter like this.
But when I looked at me, they were all men, and I'm going to take my plan, and I took a line of my name and I wrote -- "Mandela "Marrier."
And when she grew up when she was four and a half and a half years old.
You ask you, why should I mention the advantage of a girl in a school.
Yes, I have to keep it.
You can give it for sitting in Carlissare, in the United States, in many developed countries, but in the poor countries, in the private societies -- it's a great advantage for life life.
It was going to be a school in a school that means the recognize of their identity and his name of it.
A school to school means that it has been in the world in the dream and the applications where it can explore their potential for their future life.
I have five brothers and no one of them could go to school, and they would be surprised -- two weeks before, when I was able to get the food of the head -- and I was in the right part of the family -- I couldn't remember the spaces of some of my brothers of my brother sides.
And the reason was that I had never seen the name of my brother written in any doctor.
That was the reason why I value my child.
And what my father could not give my sister or his children, I thought I had to change it.
I used to look at the intelligence and the sound of my child.
And he was going to sit to me when my friends are going to see me.
The animal is going to go to me to a different record.
And all of these values -- I have been trying to take them into their perspective.
And this was not just for it, just for Mars.
I have taken all of these good values in my school to girls and kids for the same.
It uses the education for evolution.
I teach my children, I teach the students to forget the lesson of the acceleration.
I taught the students to forget the lesson of the call called sex.
They were going to be beautiful and gentlemen, we have a little bit more rights for women, and we have more and more space for women in society.
But we found a new phenomenon to us.
It was local for human rights and in particular, for the rights of women.
It's called a transportation.
And that means a negative computer of the women.
hundreds of schools were lost up.
The girls are going to go to school.
The women were used to use them and let you go to the market.
The music were simple, the children were surrounded and the state states.
They have a million -- but a little bit of them, and it was a straight to have all around those people who kill and support when you talk about their right.
It's really argument.
At the age of 10 years, Mars became the right to education.
And I wrote a day for the Bill Bang, and he was made up for the New York City.
And his voice was the most powerful time.
It was waiting as a call around the world.
And that was the reason I couldn't be able to put their campaign and the nine percent of the 20th of the 20th of 2010, they were going to put it into the head.
It was a happy day for my family and for me.
The world became a big black hole in the world.
As my daughter was designed between life and death -- I was going to go back to my wife to my wife -- I have to get up for what happened to my son, to your daughter?
And he said to me, Please don't get up.
It takes the cause right now.
You put your life in play for the cause of truth by the cause of the peace -- and by the cause of education, and your daughter will be inspired in you and you get it.
They were in the right way and God produces?
These few words made a lot for me, and I didn't ask again.
When Mary was in the hospital and I had a sea dollars and some head of head because his family black was coming up, I used to see a dark surface that would spread up by the face of my wife of my wife, my wife, in my wife, of my wife, in my wife, of my wife, in my wife, of my wife, in my wife, of my wife
But my daughter never left me.
I used to say, "I'm good with my surface and the engineer in my face.
I was going to put it well. Please don't consider it.
It was a concept for us, and we got it.
They were going to be beautiful and gentlemen, we have learned from it how to get in the most difficult moment, and I can share to share with you that despite you that despite the rights of children and women -- it's like any girl of 16 years.
Let me take you when I didn't just get her task.
It goes up with your brothers and I'm very happy for that.
People ask me, "What is there a special in my task that has done so straight to Mars so much, experience and experts?
I say, I don't ask me what I did.
I think I didn't do.
He didn't cut their streets, and that's it.
Thank you very much.
Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you.
I went out of the brain 18 years ago, and from that day, the science of the brain has become a personal passion of it.
I am an amazing one.
And I want to tell you that I remember I've got to the Montana group of Google -- where I've had a discover to my career, the Denm of Google Google -- but all the work that I would talk about here about the science of the brain, I did it before I went back to Google or out of my work there.
I would have said this, there is a situation when you go to a brain.
You're going to be the same thing or right?
It's not going to be like this, could you be interested?
And after the nurse, I was a part of the brain, and I had to live with it.
It was not the free material, but it was the paradigm part of the center that creates important horrible and neurons.
And I immediately have to figure out what a lot of amount of take would take -- from more than a data of the chemical gas every day, because if I didn't take anything -- die in a few hours.
Every day, for the last 18 years, I've had to decide about the changes and the mathematics of chemicals and try to get them, to get out of life.
More than one time I have been saved by a little time.
But by the way, I have a simple experiment, so I decided to experience to try to try to get the past days because there is really no clear map that I tell you in it.
I started to try to try to try to make a little bit different -- and I was surprised by looking at how little changes in the doctors changed my authority, my sense of who I was me, my sense of thinking, my behavior with others.
A particularly important case, for a few months, and I was going up with data and common chemical children for a man, and I was surprised to see how my thinking.
I was always fundamentally, I thought all the time in the sex -- and I thought it was the most smart person around the world, and  -- of course, many times in the past I've met several guys like this, or maybe some of you who have been known with a number of guys like this.
It turns out like an extreme one.
But my great surprise was that I was not trying to be an artist.
In fact, I was trying to try and get a problem that had a problem that had in front of the front -- and it just doesn't happen.
So I couldn't get it.
It changed my days.
But I think that experience gave me a new learning about men and about what they have to go through -- since then I get better with men.
And what I was trying to do is that I was going to get those hours and nurses, and so on. It was to pick up my intelligence after the disease and the operation, my creative thought, my forest of ideas.
And I was thinking almost in images -- and that became my point of record record, how to get those mental images that I used to create protections, my ideas -- if you want to make new ideas and to make a situation and to make a situation and to remember situation.
This kind of thinking is not new here.
Physics like Hull, Descension and Honors are looking at things like this.
They thought the images and the mental ideas were the same thing.
Today, there are those people who have this idea, and there are a lot of designers about how the mind works. For me is simple for most of us, the mental images are fundamental for the thinking and investment.
So after several years, I was going to find the point right and I have a lot of great mental genes -- really video, and very state and good structures.
Now, I'm working on how to bring it very quickly these mental images of my mind.
You imagine what it would happen if a control direction was able to use their imagination just to go to the world that has in the front?
Or if a music could put the music of your head in your head.
There are incredible possibility with this, like the way people can get to share the speed of light.
And the truth is that, the only difference to make this is just to increase the relationship of our brain self-assembly.
Let me show you why I think we are quite close to this with two recent experiments made by two different groups that are made by two different groups in nature.
And both of them used to be a lot of traditional technology.
The power of the left shows the scale of the brain of a person who looks at a picture.
The middle of the middle shows the scale of the brain of that same individual as you imagine, looking at that same picture.
The color of the right is created by the content of the central color of the left. You see that the difference is almost planet.
This is a lot of different individuals with many different images with a lot of different images always with a similar results.
The difference between seeing an image and imagine to see that same image is almost planet.
Now, let me share to you another experiment -- this is the lab of John Gandhi in Berlin, Carrily.
They had to become the brains of the brain computers in real visual field.
We put it in this way.
In this experiment -- I showed the hundreds of hours of hours of time while they were studying their brains to create a great area of the brain in the brain of the video.
And then I showed you a film with new images -- new people, new animals, and as you get a new school.
The computer -- using just the brain information of the scale that I decided to show what it seemed like the person was looking at it.
On the right you can see the conditions of the computer, and on the left, the video I showed you.
This left us back.
We are right to do it.
We just need to improve the solution.
And now, remember that when you see an image and when you imagine that same image -- it's created in the brain.
This was taken with the sea brain systems that are available with today, and their relationship is in the last few times in the last few years.
Now we need to increase the relationship about a thousand times more to get a more profound look at it.
How do we do that?
There are a lot of techniques to do it.
One is to open up the context and they are going to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be
I don't have me for that.
Many of them are putting new technical techniques for images -- even me.
The conventional wisdom says that the only way to get much more solution is with more big, but at this point, you can just make small things that are very small in the room, not analysis for thousands as we need.
I'm going to put this idea rather than a bigger image, we will make better.
We can create a lot more complex structures with relatively different, like making a space.
And why do we care about that?
In the last few years, a great amount of effort in the HIV.
And yet, most of the recent areas in the resource of smart solutions.
And at the time, instead of a market field.
So when you change the magic patterns with the patterns of the Prince process of Prince really -- we can be able to increase the information that you can end up in a single scale.
And also, we can then design our growing knowledge about the structure of the brain and the memory to create the increase in the thousands that we need.
When we use the IM we should be able to measure not just the forest of subject soldiers, but the horizons and nuclear and nuclear and perhaps even even the digital activity -- this is the dream of it.
We will be able to fly our ideas in a different way to digital media.
So you can imagine if we could go through the language of the language and communicate directly through the thinking.
What would we be able to do that?
And how do we learn to deal with the truth of human thinking without forest?
You thought the Internet is a big thing.
These are big questions.
It would be used to use it as a tool to address our ability of thinking and communication and community.
And certainly this same tool could take the culture of the Allen and similar disease.
We have a few more choices to open this door out.
In all ways, they take a year -- it will happen in five or 15 years?
It's hard to imagine it will take a lot more.
We have to learn how to give this step together.
Thank you.
I'm going to talk to you this night about coming out of the artist, and not in a traditional sense -- not just from the galaxy season.
And I think we all have a freedom.
His adult may be to tell some person for the first time the love or say to someone who is addition, or to tell someone that has cancer, or any other hard conversation for which you have taken in life.
Everything is a difficult conversation and even though our issues can come up, the experience of having lived and have come out of that article is something universe.
It doesn't like it, and we don't like it.
A lot of years ago, I was working on the World State Steve Charles, a result in the city, and I was there, I had to take a number of pictures of the intervention of the mission of the military microscope, not to get my sides, to take the letters of the Latin Last stage as a class.
And I would be learned that by the hole of my screen screen -- and I would have heard the head I did a little bit -- I would ask a little bit of a little little little little child or guys?
And it looks like a simple signal in the table.
And I was going to get a little bit more, a little bit more, I would take my head with a record store.
The father would be able to see the period and the mother will make a free look at his child.
But I would not say anything.
And I came to the point that every time I went to a place where there was a child between three and 10 years, I was ready to fight it.
And that's a terrible sense.
So I think the next time I would say something.
It would have that hard conversation here.
So after a few weeks ago, it happened again.
You're a girl or a girl?
A family signal, but this time I was preparing and I was about to go back in the wrong issues in the table.  I had the cars of Big Friendly.
And the cards of Google Steven.
Even a freedom of the Valley that will show you.
And so I was going to go up and I went out and I went back and my spaces a little girl of four years with a red sea, looking at what it's not a challenge for a family dialogue, just a girl with a question: "You are girl or girl?
And so I was going to go back again, I put up a little bit about it, and I said, "Hey, I know this is a construction thing.
I have a little bit like a girl of a child, and I see a child, but I am a girl -- and you know, like you like to use a red version and sometimes you like to use a complete piece of completely, and sometimes you like to use a complicated piece.
Well, I am more of the kind of girl of a complete piece?
And that girl looked at me at the end of me, and he said, "My favorite fish is visualization and it has a fish.
You can give me a paradigm, please can give you.
And that was all of it. I just said, "Oh, you're a girl.
What's going on with the pattern that I was putting?
It was the most easy conversation of everything that I have ever had before.
And Why? Because the girl of the parent and I, we went up with one with the other.
So as a lot of us, I have lived in some adults in my life, and yes, my walls used to be a artists.
But inside the dark -- you can't know how color the walls are.
You just know how one person feels living in a art.
And this is how my adult is not different to your own or to your own.
Now, I will give you 100 reasons why I will come out of my adult was more difficult than coming out of the way, but this is the stuff, the difference is not right.
The hard thing is hard.
Who can tell you that to explain someone who have been done in the top is more difficult than saying it has been dependent?
Who can tell you that this story is more difficult than to tell you to your five years that are going to be discovered?
There's no more difficult thing, there is only how hard it is.
We need to let us figure out what it is difficult to what difficult to the other person to make us feel better or better in relationship to our adults, and we must just feel a shape because we all live something difficult because we all live something difficult because we all live something difficult because we all live something difficult because we all live something difficult because we all
And in some point in our lives, we all live in adults, and you can make sure that they make sure -- or at least more security than the other side of the door is.
But I'm here to tell you that it doesn't matter what their walls are made -- a authority is not a place to live in.
Thank you.  Imagine about 20 years.
I mean, I had a horse college, a sea and strange states.
It was not the mission military to fight for any child of four years to go to the car.
I was controlled by the fear of the fear -- I was running in a screen of my high school in my high school to put my own galaxy, and the movement just a music is the most exciting thing that I have ever done.
My family my friends, my friends that I've spent my entire life trying to try to do it, and now the world was going to go back to the presentation.
I was looking at the page of a woman that we all have been done for a long time, but if you don't take that grandmother, I'll kill you.
One of my most wonderful food was on the bottom of my sister of my sister ...
It was the first time a lot of between the invention knew that it was gold, and when I do my holes of honey day, in my black sea and colleagues walk around the mountains and finally came to one where the friends of my parents, people who met me years ago.
And after I talk a moment, one of the great women -- "I love January Latin?
And the base of the grandmother had started here.
"Oh, once I was in the Carolina."
"Well, yes, the truth is that we have friends in San France?
"Well, we've never heard there, but we've heard that it's fast?
"Oh, you know my state America?
It's very good and has never talked to have a number of hands?
"Oh, what is your favorite TV program.
Our favorite program.
And you know who would love it?
January is our favorite?
And then a woman, despite but in hope to show up his application, to be able to know that I was from my side, finally said, "Well, sometimes my husband use forest food foots?
And I had an opportunity at that time, as you have all of the landscapes of a grandmother.
It might have been easy to figure out where they were sitting on.
It's not very hard to find them and realize the fact that they were starting.
And what another thing you can ask to someone but they would be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be
If you are going to be a classic with someone -- you have to be prepared for the authority that you get on.
This is how the hard conversations are going to be my strong point.
Do you ask anyone that I have come on.
But I'm better, and I know what I like to call the three principles of the Chinese Park.
Now, please look at this through the blood perspective. But they understand that what makes us go out of any adult is essentially the same thing.
Number one, they're all alternative.
You know the adult. They're you.
That girl in the coffee had no adult but I was ready for the bank.
If you want someone to be general, the others have to know that we can also know.
Number two, you just give them right. They just give them your particles.
If you know that they are generally, they give them it.
If you say their parents that maybe might be general, they will keep the hope that that could change.
They don't give them a sense of failure.
And number three, and more important --  let the complex one.
You communicate your truth.
They call it for that.
And some of you can be able to be able to be able to be able to make sure that they have done, but they never care about what they are.
And yes, maybe some of them would feel definitely -- but that is something in them.
Those are the experiences of them about what you are, but they don't have your own own.
That's the story of them.
The only story that matters is that you want to write to write it.
And so the next time you find in a high high school that you have to know that we have all been there before.
And it may be very alone -- but they are not.
Thank you, Berlin.
Interesting, what is that?
If we put the story of how it has seen intelligence -- an economic example has been the famous quote of Eastern Eastern that the question of if a machine can think is as interesting as the question of if a subject can analyze."
And when Earth Department wrote this thing as a practice to the professional protections like Japan Turkey.
And so a few years ago, I started a program to try to understand the fundamental physical physical medicines.
Let's go back a step up.
We first start with a mental experiment.
Imagine that they are from a super-source race that you don't know about the biology of the Earth or from the Earth of the Earth or the intelligence of the Earth, but they have amazing telescopes, and they can look at the Earth, and they have incredibly long lives.
And you see a very strange effect.
Of course, as a terrible, we know that the reason is that we're trying to save ourselves.
We're trying to avoid an impact of it.
But if you're from a supercomputer race that doesn't know anything about this, it doesn't have any concept on the Earth of the Earth, and they would be used to develop a physical theory that will explain how to make a physical theory that will explain the surface of a planet.
And so I guess that this is the same question that you can understand the physical nature of the intelligence of innovation.
So in this program that I took a number of years ago, I took a variety of issues through science, through a lot of discoveries, and I think, to a single mechanism of the intelligence of the intelligence of innovation.
And for example, for example, there have been a variety of evidence that our universe seems to be in front of the development of intelligence -- and in particular, for the development of the universal states that make the diversity of future.
And finally, in the role of robotic movement there have been a variety of recent techniques that have tried to take the skills of robots to kill the future of action with the end of the end of making complex transportation.
And so, taking all of these different issues and put them together, and I asked you, since a number of years ago, there is a self-assembly mechanism for the intelligence that we can end out of all these different tasks?
There is just a science for interaction?
And I think the answer is yes. What you're looking at is probably the most close equivalent to a piece of the intervention that I have seen before.
So what you're looking at here is a chance that intelligence is a force -- Fister, that I act with the end of taking the future.
You can act to kill the future freedom of action.
In a few words, the intelligence doesn't like to get a statement.
The intelligence is trying to kill the future freedom of action and keep the open opportunities.
And so I have to get this equation, it's natural to ask you, what can you do with this?
How likely is it?
It shows the level of human international?
It creates the artificial internationally?
So I'm going to show you now a video that I think, to show some of the amazing applications of this simple equation.
Narrator: recent research research has suggest that the universe that produce more designers, or "sense, during their life should have access to more fundamental conditions for the existence of smart beings like us.
But what is that going on is that if that technical control between the train and the intelligence is a more profound relationship of a more profound relationship of a more profound relationship of a more profound relationship of a more profound relationship of a more profound relationship of a more profound relationship of a more profound relationship of a more profound relationship of a more profound relationship of a
What happens if the smart behavior is not only related with the production of a long planet, but it actually comes directly from it?
In order to figure out, we've developed a software of software called English, designed to kill the production of the long property in any system that you find inside it.
It was surprisingly, English could be able to spend a lot of animal intelligence -- play games of humans, and I even will make money by making access -- all of that that would have been used to do that.
So here are some examples of English in action.
Just like a field of foot without care, here we see the Arab speed by using a court using a career.
This behavior is not a part of a part because we never gave it a meter.
I just decided for his own.
This spiritual ability to be able to have access for human robotics and human technology.
And this ability of use of tools will have access in the smart manufacturing and activity.
And also, as some other animals can be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to get the same time to read the food, here we see that English can be able to make a version of the model.
This computer ability has interesting questions for the economic plan and in a variety of other field.
And this is absolutely available to a variety of documents.
So for example, here we see it exactly playing a game game against itself -- including their potential for the game.
So here we are going to be able to be able to make new connections in a social network where the friends are connected and keep with the whole network of the website right now.
This same capacity of network also has access in the quality of the health of health and intelligence and intelligence and innovation.
So here we see English to organize the roads of a back forest, and I found out with success.
And in the same way, Internet is absolutely apply to problems in the autonomous designer, local and transformation.
And finally, here we see the Arab English to find out and get a structure of company, very serious in a series of activity of actions, and they are just going up the activity under their own experience.
This idea of risk is going to have advantage advantages in front and survivors.
Alexander Zennellings, what you've seen is that a variety of massive human computers as well as the use of tools -- to walk and the social civilization -- all of the way that it leads to a system, which leads to a system.
Now, here is a deep professional.
Let's go back to the beginning of the use of the robot -- the work workers, there was always the concept that if we develop smart machines -- there will be a care record.
The machines will move against us.
One of the most consequences of this work is that maybe all of these decades -- we've had all of the concept of the record record to the Internet.
It is not that the first ones are become smart and then they try to come out of the world.
It is all control -- that the ability to take the control of all of the possible future is a more fundamental principles than the intelligence of the intelligence -- that general intelligence can actually be able to be able to be able to take the control rather than to be the brain.
Another important connection is the search of the environment.
You often ask me, how is it that you will look for the goals of this kind of market?
My equivalent to that device to go to the descriptions to help us build artificial intelligence or to help us understand human intelligence is the next one, the intelligence has to be seen as a physical process that tried to be seen as a physical process that tried to kill the future of action and avoid the results in their own future.
Thank you very much.
We are in a powerful point in human history, something between the control of stars and lose the planet we call the planet.
Even though in the last few years, we have taken a lot of our knowledge of how the Earth on the context of the universe.
The American mission of NASA has discovered thousands of planets who are born around other stars -- which is that the Earth is just one between the thousands of millions of planets of our galaxies of our galaxies of our galaxies of our galaxies of our galaxies are.
Kenya is a space.
The data.
And at the way, this helps us understand if these planets are small and robots like the stars of our solar system, and also the amount of light that they get from their surfaces.
At the time, this gives you about if these planets that we found are traded or not.
Unfortunately, as we are finding this test of developing world, our own planet.
The year 2018 was the most expensive career.
The grandmothers and ice ice that have been with us from a thousands of people now in a matter of decades.
These environmental changes that we've been able to be able to be able to actually have the ability to take their ability to forget their own.
But I am not a science of the climate -- and I am not a sense.
But he studied the ability of the planet to influence the stars -- with the hope of finding places in the universe where it would find out more from our planet.
You could say that you look for extraordinary opportunities in the immune sector system.
Now, as a very interesting thing in the universe of life in the universe I can tell you that the more similar planets to the Earth.
Every one of these new world.
So let's take our neighbor, Mars.
Mars is small and robot and despite to be a little bit more from the sun. It can be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to put this for a mission like the Kenya.
In fact, it is possible that Mars has been based on the past and in part of this is why we study so much to Mars at all.
So our walks like "the "Canory will make their surface in search of the organizations of life as we know it.
The soldiers that the article is, like the Michael mission -- they take shows out of the market atmosphere -- and try to understand how Mars has been able to lose their space.
The private companies now offer not just a few spaces but also the ability to live in Mars in Mars.
But even though all these wonderful images remember us to the rest of our planet, places that are visible in our imagination with the impact and paradigm ideas and particles with the Earth, Mars is a pretty terrible place to live in.
Let's take the existence of the research areas of our planet that are still going to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to continue to compare with Mars with Mars.
Even in the most expensive places and more electronics of the Earth -- the air is frankly free and record of the state of the transportation of thousands of miles a day.
I worry that this increase for the content of Mars and other public planets got a big and a bit of surface, the impact and the belief of some of that that Mars would wait out there to save this influence of the only planet of the only planet that we know is really website, the Earth.
For a lot that I like to be an interesting explanation -- I'm in deep designer with this idea.
There are a lot of good reasons to go to Mars but to say that Mars will be there to save humanity is like to imagine that the Capation of the State is going to tell us that the fact that the truth is going to be more late on the soldiers --   Thank you.
But the objects for the interesting experience and the straight pressure don't get up.
No, they are actually heart of the same control, the goal of understanding and will be able to make life in the future.
The environmental environment in our world will take it in our world.
They just find more about home.
If we can understand how to create and keep state space, in the ideas and intervention of the land -- maybe we can hold the need to protect our environment and go beyond that.
Let me leave you with a mental experiment.
A lot of years ago, the English English Philadelphia's question: having to realize that our universe has been there for a long time, and we hope that there are a lot of planets in this universe, we should have found the test of the extraordinary life to now.
Well, where are you?
Well, a possible solution to the Parkinson's partner is that when the creatures are going to be able to be able to be able to be able to keep living between the stars -- they lose the notion of the important thing that is going to protect the original of the planets that they published this development out.
It is a regular thing to think that only the interesting choice will save us from ourselves, but the planet and the public presence can work together.
If we really believe in our ability to save the ideas of Mars for the human people, then we should be able to support the task even more easy to prevent the speed in Earth.
Thank you.
A few years ago, I took my own house.
And while I was in the front front of looking at my police, I realized I didn't have the sidewalks.
In fact, I could see the window that they were on the table of the computer, where he had left them.
So quickly I tried to open all of the other door and visions, and they were all pretty well.
I thought to call a career, at least I had my cell -- but to the market, a cortex could take a long time to come back and I did it.
I couldn't go home from my friend of Jesse to spend night because I had a early flower to Europe at the next morning, and I was looking at my paradigm and my machine.
It turns out, but I sure not more expensive than a car at the middle of a night, so I thought, that despite the crimes, it was going to be a good thing.
I am a little bit of practice and I know a little bit about how the brain works.
Linguistic line that goes up with the care card, and I would move the levels of adult and the thinking.
And when I came to the factory of factory in the artist, I realized I did not have my paradigm.
Well, I had a long time to think about those eight hours without head.
And I started to ask you, if there was something I could do, systems that I could put in your place, that they come up with bad things.
Or at least if you have bad things, that you make the chance that it is a very total care.
So I asked me to think about that, but to a month later, my thought was not constructed.
I was getting up with my colleagues Dan Kanny Kantai, and a little bit, and a little bit I was talking to you that I came up with the window -- and that I had forget my paradigm, and David share with me that had been producing something called prediction professional.
This is something that he had learned from Polition Daniel Kenya, who had written from this a few years before, I knew as the first.
You all know what the paper is.
Every time there is a designer, a team of experts comes and try to figure out what it came out -- right?
In the beginning, as you explain Daniel, you look at it, and I tried to figure out all the things that could come wrong -- and I try to figure out what it can do to prevent things that happen or to keep the day.
So what I want to talk to you with you is some things that we can do in the form of a first.
Some of them are entirely, others are not so excited.
I'm going to start with the obvious.
In the house, it will make a place for the things that you lose to do.
This sounds of common sense.
There is a structure in the brain called the headline, which has evolved over thousands of years, to make a follow of the importance of the important things, where the fish -- where the fish is, which is the factories -- where they live through the financial trees and energy.
The hypothetical is the part of the brain that goes up in the tasks of London.
It is the part of the brain that allows them to find them to find their neighbors.
And if you ask if someone really did the experiment -- they came up with the natural sense of the adults and even so they could find their neighbors.
They were not using the solar, but the head, that very evolved mechanism of the brain to find things.
But it's really good for things that don't move a lot -- not so good for things that move a lot.
This is the reason to lose the car of the car and paradigm and paradigm parks.
So in home they get a place for the sides, a garden on the door -- maybe a decision plant.
And for your paradigm, a piece of particular cartoon.
And for your leadership galaxies, a particular metaphor.
If you get a place and they are surrounding with it, their things will always be there when you look at them.
What about the visions?
They take a picture of a picture of their own crisis, record control, public sense, put it through the same way to be in the ground.
If these things are lose or record, this can be able to make the surface.
These are some of the most obvious things.
remember, when it is under stress -- the brain look at it.
The cortex is transformation and the thinking.
So part of the primary practice is to recognize that under stars we're not going to be in the best moment, and you have to put the systems in their own.
And there is perhaps no more interesting situation that when you face a medical decision for a medical decision.
And at some point, we're all going to be in that situation -- to have to take a very important decision about the future of our medical attention or one of them to help you with a decision to help you with a decision to help you with a decision.
And so I want to talk about that.
And I'm going to talk about a very particular medical experience.
But this is a private thing to do for all of the medical decisions -- and in fact, for the size of the financial decisions and social decisions -- any kind of decision that you have to take a global evolution of the fact that they have to make a global evolution of the fact that they get a virtual evolution of them.
So we knew that they go to the doctor and the doctor says, "I get the result of the lab and the color is a little bit of a little base."
They all know that the high control is associated with a biggest risk of carbon diseases -- anticipate to the heart.
So one is thinking that having the high control is not the best thing, then the doctor says, "I would like to get a drug that will help you reduce the colleagues, a state?
And maybe you have heard of states, and you know it's one of the most resources in the world today. It's even likely that you know people who take them.
So you think, "Yes, I remember the state?
But there's a question that you have to do then, a strategy that has to be able to be able to ask most of the doctors to not want to talk about, and the physical companies even less.
It's for NASA, the number need to treat it.
And what is this, the NASA."
It is the number of people who have to take a drug or survive to a surgery in any doctors before you help a person.
And you should think about what kind of state structure is that?
The number must be one.
My doctor would not remember something if it wasn't going to help me.
But actually, the medical practice doesn't work like this.
And it's not a character of the doctor and if it is a school of somebody like me.
We haven't understood very well the metal mechanisms.
But the Solar statistics that 90 percent of the drugs works only about 30 to 50 percent of people.
So the number need to try to treat the most amazing state of record, what do you think it is.
How many people have to take it before you help a person.
300 dollars.
And this is the research of the community researchers Jerusalem Arabia and Paul Harry, and I was going to be able to be able to feel in Britain.
I just explain the numbers of us.
300 people have to take the drug for a year before you avoid a single amount of heart.
Now maybe you think, "Well, one chance in 300 to go down my context.
Why don't you do it? Let me give you the rest of all of them.
But then you have to ask for a more, and it is, "Hey of the secret effects -- right?
So for this particular medicine.
And those including things including the terrible things and adult pain and artistic pain, but now you think, "The five percent is not very likely to me, even like to take the medicine?
But a moment.
They remember that under stars don't think about collaboration.
So you think about how to make this with the time, so they don't have to make the cause of reasons in the action.
300 people take the factory, isn't it?
You have 15 times more likely to come down by the factory that you read the medicine.
I don't say they had or not to take the state.
I just say that you have to have this conversation with their doctor with it.
The medical rate does it mean, is part of the beginning of the interventional control.
We have right to have access to this kind of information to avoid the conversation about if you want to take the risk or not.
You may be thinking that I've launched this number on the air for the value of the cardiologist, but actually this number of need to try to try to try to try to try to try to try to try to try to try to try to try to try to try to try to try to try to try to try to try to try to try to try
And for the face that most of us are doing in most of the majority of 50 percent of the property for cancer, the number need to try to try to try to try to try to try to try to try to try to try to try to try to try to try to try to try to try to try to try to try to try to try
So it is, 40 cars for one person who has helped it.
And the side effects in that case, they produce in 50 percent of the patients.
Those including the impact or school designer, increased influence, fire record, financial control.
And if you have a strong and it's one of that 50 percent of the effects just will make a year or two.
So the idea of the first is to think before the questions that you can be able to put the conversation to the control.
You don't have why to make all of this in the action.
And you also want to think about the quality of life.
Because you have a lot of times a lot of times, you want a more short life to be able to be able to be able to be able to have a lot of pain to the end.
These are the things that you talk about and think about now, with their family and their own water.
They can change in the case of the moment, but at least you have in this kind of thinking.
remember, our brain look down under stars -- and one of the things that happens at that moment is that it will take a lot of systems.
There's an evolutionary reason for this.
It's going to face with a device, is not need the digital system, or the limitation or the immune system, because if the body is spending the metal in those things, it doesn't get to be the death of the leaders, so nothing about that.
Unfortunately, one of the things that are going on for the window for those moments of stars is the natural thinking, like David Kanny and their colleagues have shown it.
So we have to try to think about the future to this kind of situation.
I think the important thing here is to recognize that we're all definition.
We all are going to go back at the time of it.
The idea is to think about the future how they could be those factors, to put the systems in the place that will help you kill the day, or to prevent that bad things happening in the first place.
And I went back to the night of seven in Montana, when I come back from my journey -- my control I put me up with a combination of combination with the door -- with one of the door of the door in the same.
And I have to admit that I still have a lot of cars that I have not ever heard and lots of messages that I haven't read it.
So I'm not very proud about it, but I see the organization as a gravity process, and I'm going to get it.
Thank you very much.
Influence: Past, "I have my favorite music.
It means to play surrounded.
If you're looking at a music and you see a man in the part, you need to play more sure.
Two percent, even more surface.
So four -- extremely survival.
This is my head of a tree of a tree, you see that it doesn't matter how many thousands and thousands of you may have never going to get to a simple signal.
That's my destruction of signals, a very dark sound.
I would like to share a little bit about the history of the American system, the AIDS, a little bit of my own story.
The French language came up during the decade of 1950, and with the time of the time, you get a little bit of local secrets, and it's developed the language that we know as AIDS.
So it has a story of about 200 years.
I was born to me -- and I was taught to believe that sound wasn't a part of my life.
And I thought it was true.
However, I realize that it's not true for anything.
The sounds are a very important part of my life, are really in my mind every day.
And as a South person who lives in a world of sound -- it's like I live in a strange country -- getting up their rules and companies and business and normal norms without asking them.
So how do we understand the sound?
Well, I see how people are behavior.
People are kind of like my heads and increase the sound.
I learned and control that behavior.
At the same time, I've learned that I can create sounds -- and I've seen how people respond to it.
So I've learned for example.
"You don't see the pattern."
You don't do a lot of robot to eat the food of the French parents?
"You don't experience, and when you're eating it, you will not take the colleagues on the planet?
And this is what I call it "State sound?
Maybe I think about the sound of sound more than the average person does it.
I am a little bit of solution of the sound.
And I am always waiting with the sound of the sound that is going to come to the context.
From there, this day.
TED, to decide it.
TED, to continue it.
TED -- by adding.
You can see that the program doesn't have any news in the line.
That's because the lines are already going to get sound through the sounds and states and states.
In the surface culture, the movement is equivalent to the sound.
This is the signal for "Stranger in the America.
A typical protein has five light.
However, to me, to make it with my play so it doesn't feel nature.
That's why I just have four lines in the paper.
In the year 2007, I had the opportunity to travel to Berlin, Alice, for a critical resilience there.
Before this time, I had worked as a picture.
And during this summer I saw machines and spaces of different galaxies, and while I was from a place to another one, I realized there was no visual art there.
At that time, the sound was the terrorist, and that was called the attention.
There was no visual art.
Now the sound has been put in my terms of art.
I'm going to do more of the art.
I realized it doesn't have to be like this.
In fact, I know the sound.
I know it so well that it doesn't just experience through the origins.
I can be able to be a complete way, or I can experience it, or even as an idea.
So I decided to pick up the sound of sound and get it into my own artificial practice in my artificial practice
And everything that had taught me about the sound to sound and I decided to leave it and understand it.
I started creating a new job.
And when I present it to the artificial community, I was inspired with the amount of support and attention.
And I realized that sound is like money, the power -- the control -- social control.
In the bottom of my mind, I always felt that the sound was a signal, it was some of a person.
And the sound is so powerful that I could be able to give me to me and my artificial work, or I could be able to get it.
I was going to come to me.
There is a massive culture on the language of talking about.
And just because I don't use my living voice to communicate to the eyes of society is as if I didn't have a voice at all.
So I have to work with people who can support me from the same thing and become my voice in my time.
And so I am able to be relevant in the current society.
So in school, in the work and the institutions -- I work with a lot of different interventions of America.
And his voice becomes my voice and identity in it.
I'm going to help you be listening to me.
And their voices have value and weight here.
In fact, when you were to ask their voices -- I am able to keep a wonderful way of value something like this, like taking a protection with a very high intervention.
If I don't keep with this practice -- I feel that it could stay on the forget and not having any kind of social value.
So with the sound like my new artificial middle -- deep in the world of music.
And I was surprised to see the similar between music and AIDS.
For example, a music is not going to be able to change and explore in the paper.
And the same thing can tell you about a concept in AIDS.
And the two are very spaces and highly molecules that it means that changes can be able to affect the whole meaning as much as the sounds like sound.
I would like to share a metaphor of the planet, so they understand better how the American works.
So imagine a pill.
The American is designed in a lot of a different different way.
If you get a different approach for every day while it takes the planet, like the family experience, the movement of the body, the size of the hand and like this, as the piece of the hand and like this, the English is a crazy language -- as if you were going to go up with a technical language.
However, the American is more like a care, you need the 10 degrees in the way to explore a clear concept or an idea.
If you just just change the airport, I will create a completely different.
The same thing happens with music at the way that you can take and village.
In AIDS, when you use these different genetic patterns -- you can express different ideas.
For example, the signal signal in that?
This is the signal signal in that?
I'm seeing you.
It will look at it.
Oh, I'm going to take me.
There you go.
What are you looking at it?
Oh, there?
So I asked me to think about it, and if I see AIDS through the lessons of music.
If I had to create a signal and it makes it again and again, it could be like a piece of visual music.
For example, this is the single single day, the sun.
This is all the day.
If it does it and reduce the speed of the speed -- you see it looks like a musical piece here.
All day.
I feel that the same thing can tell you about the whole night.
"The whole night.
This is the whole night, in this day.
And this led me to think about about three different types of nights, "North "North "North --     "The night night?
I feel that the third has more music than the other two.
And this represents how the time is going to take the time in American and how the difference in the body can explore the changes in time.
For example, one is a hand -- it's a hand -- two hands. It's two hands -- the present becomes more close and in front of the body, the future is in front of the body and the past is in the space.
So the first example is "Manhat time?
And then I was still "the "literature and the last one, which is my favorite -- with a very complex idea and drug at the time, there was one time.
"The common time is a musical term with a specific side of four times per company.
However, when I look at the word time, I think about the same time at the same time.
You're going to look at MT: hand right right now, she's left to it.
So we have the practice through the head and the person.
(Audience: Twitter, Google "Come on the period, "Man: Michael galaxy, I'm going to teach you a form of the hand called "Prime "for "harvest "for "for "for "for "for "for "for "for "for "for "for "for "for "for "for "for "for "for "for "for "for "for "for "for "for "for "for "for "for "for "for "for "for "for "for "for "for "for "for "for "for "for "for "for "for "for
Can you do it?
All of the hands in high hands.
Now we're going to do it so much in the head like the digital, something like a common time or "The same time.
Yeah, very good.
And that means the international system.
The international system, as a note, is a visual tool to help to communicate in all of the culture and the languages of seconds around the world.
The second one I would like to show you is this one. Please get me with me again.
And now this.
It means "Mandela in the America.
Now, the third thing. Please go back again.
And again.
It's "Malanis" in the America.
We're going to do the three together.
"We will see "magnets: "Come and magnets?
All right.
They look at how three people are very similar -- all of them are going on in the head and the period, but they try to mean very different.
It's amazing to see how AIDS is living and present, as the music.
However, we live in a very collecting world.
And only because the American doesn't have sounds that have no social value.
We have to start to figure out what the social value.
And this could be a step to make a more exciting society.
And maybe people understand that you don't have to be surprised to learn AIDS. You don't have to go to learn music.
The AIDS is a rich team and I'd like you to have the same experience.
I would like to send you to open their heads, open your eyes, to support in our culture and experience from our visual language.
And you never know, you can even look at us.
Thank you.
Dellow Kenya, Hey, that's me.
As a child, my parents said, "You can put it all, but then you have to come in?
And the freedom is responsible.
But my imagination led me to all these wonderful places, where everything was possible.
And so I grew up in a building building or a building building -- I must say, because the adults kept us to protect it from the true.
And when I do that, I was trying to understand that the adults also engage and that they're not very good for the other ones of others.
The time country, now I am an adult and I think of city and invited in the National school of Hong Korea.
You don't have to wait for a lot for my students to walk through the pill they are going on with lots of balloon.
So as a good citizens -- we took the bloods, and no, it's not being basically basically all and if it is, I don't know.
It's three to say, but today more than 80 percent of the oceans are going on.
It's kind of straightforward.
And in the last decade, we've been coming up with these big banks and networks -- to cut those pieces of plastic to study it under the microbes, and we change them and reduce this information in a map.
But it would make a entrepreneur and it is very expensive and it's also very close to use those huge batteries.
So along with my students, with six to 15 to 15 years, we're going to invest a better way.
We have transformed our little class in Harvard Korea in a college.
We started to build this job of work with high school so that the children are also going to be able to participate it.
And I'm going to tell you, the children who make electric tools are really great and safe to us.
Not enough.
Let's go back to the planet.
We pick up the plastic and we reduce it the size that we found it in the ocean -- which is very small, because of their framework.
We do.
I leave it to the image of my states.
My work is to try to take the best ideas of every child and try to get them into something that we hope it works.
We decided that instead of taking a plastic pieces of plastic particles, we will just take information.
In the use of a robot -- we take a picture of this plastic -- the children are excited with the robots that are excited with the robot.
And then we created what we call a protection of professor?
We are so fast in the creative creation that we ended up before.
And we tried to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to put it into a fundamental robot that will move up by the water and the plastic that we have there, and this is the image that is the image of the robot of the robot.
We look at the plants of plastic forced through the feeling while the computer computer is going to protect this image and measure the size of every piece of each particular -- to get a straight amount of plastic in the water.
We gave this invented step in a website in a website called "The "Sorts of installation -- with the hope that someone else is even more even more.
The great thing in this project is that the students saw a local problem, and they are trying to get it out of it.
And I was going to get my local problem -- but my students in Harvard Korea are a very good thing.
You see the news -- you see the Internet.
A child, maybe less than 10 years old, I was going to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to have the hands -- in Stanfords, the largest self-assembly season in Bangladesh.
They were very surprised because this is the water that they are, is the water in which it is based, the water where they are, the place where they live in.
You can see that the water is married, the back and the oil and the oil are also in the bottom and when all of it is very hard to see what there is in the water.
But there is a simple technology called specifically, which allows you to see what there is in the water.
We built a first test of a team that can be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to make different species that produce different species -- which can help us identify what there is in the water.
We took this project with a feeling and we put it to Bangladesh.
The great thing about this project is that more to solve a local problem, or to send a local problem, my students used their impact and their sense of creativity to help other children.
I was going to get a problem to distribution -- I was able to make a second experiment and I wanted to go a little bit more far -- maybe it would give a more difficult problem, and also more close to me.
I am a half and a half friends and you may remember that in 2010, there was a record device in Japan at all.
It was so violence that you have a lot of giant sides, called terms, and those techniques made several cities in the cost of Japan this from Japan this of Japan this.
More than 14 people died in a institution.
It also gives the nuclear power of First Numensing, a nuclear center of the water.
And today, on the approach of a 300 tons are still standing out of the nuclear village in the Paris ocean.
Today, all the Parious Pacific has transportation controls for soldiers.
So if we go to the control cost -- we can measure the relationship of Francisco everywhere.
But if we look at the map in the map -- it seems that most of the relationship is the control of the coral cost -- and most of the time, in the time, it makes sure -- it's blue -- it's blue as well.
Well, reality is a little more complicated than that.
I have come back to Ford every year from the West and research in the way that we are interested with other scientists, the land -- and this time, and this time we want to take the children.
Of course we don't take them, the parents didn't afford it.
But every night we face the control center -- here you see the use of different machines.
It might seem to look like they did not take the work, but they did it because they are going to have to live with activity all their life.
And so much with them we discovered the data that day and talk about what we were going to do later, the strategies, and so on.
And to do this, we created a market map of the region around the power of nuclear energy.
We created the magic map of electronics, we invented fish to represent data in the real time of really, and we put water for the stage.
And so with this we could notice that the radical policy was made from the top of the mountain to the right system and designed in the ocean.
It was a straight statistic.
But with the based of this we organize a civil experience, the most close to the nuclear center to the face.
We're going to take us up to 1,000 miles of the nuclear center -- and with the heart rate of the area we were going up with the sea sea with a season that we were involved and we built and build and build and build and build and build and build and build and build and build and build and build and build and build and build and build
So here we see a progress -- we've gone from a local problem to a real problem, to a global problem.
And it has been very exciting to work in these different scale, also with the open code and very simple.
But at the same time, it has been more and more free because we've only been starting to measure the day we have done.
We haven't even started trying to solve the problems.
I asked me if we should give the high and try to invest better ways to do all these things.
So the car became a little bit so small so that we found an industrial institution in Harvard Korea and we turn it into the biggest space of social and environment.
This is in the center of Hong Korea, and it is a place where we can work with motor, metal, chemical, a little bit of biology.
It's also a place where the adults and children can play together.
It's a place where the dream of children can actually become the help of adults and where adults can be children again.
Students: Electronics." </s> Alley?
The strange Steve and we ask things like, we can invest the future of the movement with religion energy energy.
For example.
Or are we able to help in the movement of the age of an old age to transform their signals of strange streams in new electricity virus?
Plant, the oil and activity are terrible legal, but the worst thing that we can leave our children are the minds.
We can't allow us to protect the children of the truth because we need their imagination to invest the solutions to invest the solutions.
So scientific citizens -- creative, services, we need to predict the next generation to be worried about the environment and people, and so that it can actually do something about it.
Thank you.
Two tons of terrorists are going to be able to be able to be able to deal with positive design.
One is made of thousands of pieces of approach, the other one of a single day.
One of them is similar, the other.
One is important about the environment, the other thing.
One is designed by nature.
And I mean, I said that when he looked at the movie in the back, I saw a picture that goes out to be a book.
The clip was only thought of Michael English.
But the lives are not completely forget.
They grow up.
And in the smaller communities of life, the cells -- we take all the information that I remember for every cell to work and to reduce it.
The tools also have consequences too.
At least from the industrial revolution -- the world of design has been taken by the factors of the factory and produce in the way.
The link lines have been done a world made of parts -- by doing the image of designers and architecture that are trying to think of their objects as a particular parts of parts of different parts with different work.
But you don't find a lot of human material in nature.
Think about human skin for example.
Our family cells are demonstrated with particles disappeared.
The plants of the space are more groups with small particles.
And you can actually act like financial, the other thing in the other way, and yet, it's the same skin -- there are no parts -- there are no particles.
This is a system that will be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to go through the formula of electricity.
Here is a different screen that represents my view of the world -- the dead person of every design and architecture is going to work on the client and the gene -- between the machine.
These two vision of the world, my left history and the right and angels, and stars, it shows in the two stars after me.
My work, in his most simple level, trying to bring these two vision of the world, addressed from the application and access to growth.
You probably ask them, why do you now?
Why was it not possible to do 10 or even five years ago.
We live in a very special moment in history -- a red moment where you have four designers that has to be able to get access to the tools that we never had access to before.
And in the interest of these four company, my team and I created me.
Please know the minds and the hands of my students.
We design objects and products and tools and tools through high school -- like this robotic arm with a 24 percent of the day with a 24-year-old base that some day is not very far to imagine the beautiful buildings that are going to be able to start in the dark.
So here we have been able to get the cell, a artist of the ancient architecture -- and it has created a screen where every car is a single way to move the form of light and the heat through him.
In our next project, we explore the possibility to create a car and a factory. This was for a piece of Parkinson's Parkinson's death with Arab are Hong. It's like a second skin made of one piece of a piece -- record around the car.
And so many of them who are 3D printer printers, we imagine this cause and lack for 3D forest without the cells -- I'll show you more objects like that.
And this house changes the radio materials and blocks in the research of 20 minutes.
This is the relationship of a human head.
It is also the relationship of a Chinese school.
That designers have access to this high high school and the sensitive institutions are allowed to design products that are not just the form of our body, but also the physical structure of our tasks.
We've also designed a care side, a side at the same time, and also that it was a sound of sound as well.
The Prince Project, my colleague, we went back to nature to inspired them, and by designing this pattern of the regular surface -- it becomes solution.
So let's start this surface of 45 different properties that are going to go in record, and they are going to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to present the pressure in the human body.
Their surface, as in nature -- it will be able to look at the relationship of another material or another application, but it will actually come up with the materials and increase the material perspective.
But this is normal nature.
There are no parts in nature.
I did not grew up in a religious war -- but when I was young -- my grandmother told me stories from the Bible hand, and one of them was going to get a lot of what it matters to me.
As she came out, "The third day of Creation, God went to the Earth to make a traditional tradition of front of front of front of front.
For that first fundamental tree -- there would be no difference between transport, water, languages and free.
All the tree was a freedom.
In change, the land made the trees with trees, correction, tasks and flowers.
The land created a world made of parts.
And I often ask me, "What would the design look like if the objects were made from one piece?
Let's go back to a better state of creative?
So we looked for the basic material -- the kind of material of the fundamental tree with frankly, and we found it.
The second baby biology on the planet is called the climate, and about 100 million tons are produce every year for organisms as a sharks, surgery, statistics and markets.
We think that if we were able to support their own properties -- we could generate the marine structures in one piece of it.
So that's what we did.
We call it the legal marketing --  we asked a lot of care to calculate, and we put them up and we put it out of the size.
It will be able to be able to be able to be able to get a paradigm of properties, from dark and distance, and open, to light and survivor.
In order to figure out the structures to a big scale -- it was built a system with a little bit of extra control controlled controlled control.
The robot could be able to see the protections of the material and create these structures made from one of a single material of a single material of a long material of a long thing.
When the pieces are ready -- they let them take a natural way to find a natural way to the air.
So why do we continue to design with plastics?
The air bullets that were a support of the oil process that they were used to have to tell pictures that came up for the first time in the planet.
And so many with our colleagues in Harvard and MIT -- we invented the bacteria designed to make a quickly carbon carbon of the atmosphere and turn it up into it.
For the first time, we have been able to generate structures that make their transition without professional problems and if it takes even more -- and if you take even more -- and you get even more even more -- and if you take it even more -- and if you take even more -- you know, even more of them.
And a traditional traditional tree carrier.
It would work with an old material, one of the first ways of life in the planet, with a little water and with a little bit of similar biology -- we have transformed a structure made of care in an architecture.
And here is the best part -- for objects designed for balloon, put them in the sea -- they will make the market life, and put it in the ground, help grow a tree of a tree to grow a tree to grow a tree of a tree to grow a tree to grow a tree to grow a tree of a tree to grow a tree again.
The application for our next experiment using the same design principles was the solar system.
We would look at the possibility to create role to keep the life for the international journey.
So to do that, we need to take the bacteria and control their food.
So like the release stage, we did our own table of elements: new forms of life created completely fascinating and additional form of biological form.
I like to think about the visual biology as the limited analogy, just that instead of using the presentation metals, they are going to be able to make new biological constructions within very small consequences.
This field is called microscope.
We imagine our own 3D costs to control the flow of these limitation of these limitation banks.
In our first piece of rock, they changed two microbes.
The first one is the crime.
It lives in our oceans and in the water water.
And the second one.
And one turn the light in advance, and the other thing is going on and produce a little bit useful for the environment.
But these two microbes don't interact in nature.
In fact, they never met it.
They are here, designed for the first time, to have a relationship in a piece of rock.
Think about it as an evolution -- not by natural sequence but evolution for design.
In order to get these relationships -- we have created a single thing that goes into the digital treatment that will help you make these bacteria and they take their way to the way they get out of the way.
And so we started to grow up those skills in the human body.
If we wanted more pictures -- we were able to get more transportation.
And this particular system of particular speed, when you get out of a strange to each other, it would take 60 meters away.
This is a half of the language of a film field and 10 times more than our own designer.
And here it is, as a picture at TED -- our first pretty pretty pretty pretty pretty beautiful picture of life in the rocket.
Thank you.
Michael Shanghai said, "We are critical creatures -- only half is done?
What if design is going to protect the other mile?
And if we could create structures that are going to look at the life as well.
And if we were able to create personal microbes that are going to take our skin -- they would grow out of the task and survive our bodies and survive?
Think about this as a way of taking biology as well.
I call this the material energy.
For that, you always have to go back to nature.
And so now you know that a 3D impact is very much made in cars.
You also know that nature doesn't do that.
It grows up with social sound.
This card of the gallery, for example, created a highly sophisticated architecture -- a home within which it is married.
The factory is not about this level.
It makes it through the combination of two materials not about two materials -- but two projects in different.
One act as a structure -- the other one is the paradigm or market, using those forests between it.
And this happens through scale.
And the number of seven the first one is to think about the environment -- create a structure structure -- and then it starts to be able to take a control colleague.
The universe and compassion, the two forces of life, they have a single material in a single thing.
And with the end of understanding how this complex process, we put a small picture to the head of a seven season, to the head.
And we put it into a box with a box with the physical sense, and that allows us to create this piece of points in three dollars and visit the architecture of the card of the sea surface.
However, when you put the sea galaxy in a planet, it doesn't within a box -- we realized that he would take a plan on the planet and still make a signal site.
So we started to design different environment, and we have discovered that the way -- the computer, the structure of the card, the structure of the card, it will be done directly by the environment.
You often look at the sea streams to the death inside their careers, their side is despite and is used in the traditional industry.
We saw that we were able to design these plants that we can give up the self-assembly control without having a single career.
And they would make it solved -- and we could create these things.
So we scale this process to the artificial scale.
We had a home robot making plants of seven, and we put it in our own.
We knew that the season of the season for the most dark areas and freedoms, so we use a solar land to reduce the distribution of light and the cause in our structure.
And so we create holes or authorities, to make the areas of light and the cause of the car of the street on the structure.
We were prepared to get the transportation.
We were going to be able to get out up to a number of seven to a sea of seven on the line.
And after I'll put them four weeks, they were prepared to ice with us.
We put them up in the bottom of the anti-particular bottom, and while they were sitting, they were going on, they were going up, they put the states, and life starts again, like us, but a lot of control.
Barry Foundation said that the universe is the big institution, and I was right.
At the same hand, I have a little bit about the side of the self-assembly self-assembly -- they give all of this paradigm their institution.
And in a little more than two or three weeks or three weeks.
And in a simple culture, this is also the language of the surface of the side.
The polices, after the school, they produce a hundred million stars in it.
And this could be used for 2,000 dollars in the future.
So here are the two vision of the world.
And a single man who is on a red arm -- the other one has a value on the other.
If the last piece of design is to give the products to the products and the buildings that go to us, to form a couple of two materials -- the designers have to use these two vision of the world.
What it takes us to come back, of course, in the beginning of it.
This is a new age of design -- a new age of the creative -- that it takes us from an inspired design in nature to a natural nature in the design -- which means of us, for the first time, for the first time, that we will make care of nature.
Thank you.
Thank you very much. Thank you.
Do you take your hand if you ever asked them, "What do you want to be more than more than me?
If you had to remember what you had when they asked them for the first time this?
You can show it with the faces.
Three three. Five three. Five -- five.
Now, they take your hand if the question you want to be more of me?
It has been able to make some kind of antibiotic.
Any anti-profit.
I'm someone who could never answer the question to the question -- "What do you want to be more of the most more man?
The problem was not that I didn't have any interest -- but I had too much.
In school, I like the English and the art and the art.
Maybe you've heard about us.
And in general, I like to test and perform all of a lot of time and energy and energy and sometimes money in this field.
But with the time this sense of adult, this sense of it, this is already not a challenge -- it comes back to me.
And I have to leave you.
But then I was interested by another thing -- something completely different, and I would go up in it, and I let me go up and I feel "Montana, and then I have found the mountain: and then then this point is going to be able to be able to get back.
And finally, I want to leave you.
But then I'd like to find something new and different and I would like to focus on that.
This pattern made me a lot of anti-stage, for two reasons.
The first one was because I was not sure how I was going to become all this in a face.
I thought that I had to choose one thing to get up all of my other particles, and let me go back to it.
Another reason why I have a little bit more anti-profit was a little bit more person.
I was worried that there was something wrong about this, and something bad in me to not be able to stop anything.
I was worried to have a fear to the company, or to be despite, or to be applied or my own success.
If you can recognize my story and these feelings -- I would like to ask you something that I'd like to have been able to have ever been able to have been able to have been able to have been able to have been able to have been able to have been able to have been able to have been able to have been able to be able to be
You think to yourself -- where they learned to save the meaning of bad or animals to do things.
I'm going to tell you where they learned it, they learned it from culture.
And we are asking us first "What you want to be ever better?
When we have about five years.
And the truth is that no one matter what you care about that age.
It would be a question to make a question to make a free response in the children like, "I will be a "little bit or "I want to be particularly?
And they try the death of Harvard here.
And this question is a question and again as we grow in different ways -- and I went up, and I said, to high school students are asked to be asked in the universe.
And at some point, what do you want to be more than more more than me?
It is going to be the experience of the beginning of what it takes us to do.
Why?
So if this question is going to be inspired to the kids to be able to be going to be -- not inspired to go with everything they could be.
In fact, it does right right now, because when someone asked you what you want to be, you can't answer with 20 different things, even though they were going to be able to be able and say, "Oh, you know, you know, you can be adding and policy, but you can not be a visual and a policy.
You have to choose it.
This is Dr. Bob Chinese --  and he is a version of violence and particular.
And this Arab National, embraced of it to become a search, company, professional and creative direction.
But most children don't hear about people like this.
All you hear is they are going to have to choose it.
But it's more than that.
The notion of life life is very identify in our culture.
This is this idea of the destiny or the real vision, the idea that every one of us has something to do for their time in this land in this land and you have to figure out what that thing is and reduce their life to it.
But if you're someone who's not connected in this way.
What if there are a lot of different issues that are going to develop their quality and many different things that you want to do?
There is no place for someone like one in that market.
And so you can feel alone.
You can feel that it doesn't have a object.
And feel that there's something wrong with one.
There's nothing wrong in you.
You're a material.
A material is someone with many interest and creative activity.
It's a ball for it.
I could help to help you in three parts -- material, potential and day.
You can also use other terms that are going to make the same idea, as a strange, relationship.
In the time of the Red, the idea was who was very good at distribution in distributions.
Bang Shanghai is like "stopping us as a secret?
They use any term that you like or send you to you or send your own own.
It looks like a kind of advantage to a community -- we can't be able to agree with a single idea.
It is easy to see the material as a limitation or application that you have to see.
But what I've learned to talk about with people and writing about these ideas in my website -- is that there are huge things in this way.
So here are three malaria surfaces.
One, the states of ideas.
I mean, the combination of two or more fields and the creative of something new in the interesting.
And this guy who was going to be Shanghai and Richard Booth spread his own shared interest in cartoon, vision of data, mathematics, materials and design -- to former Mars.
Member is a company that creates the relatively interactive instruments.
And San and Radia was happened to him this idea just by his mission of skills and experience.
The innovation happens in the interesting.
So there are the new ideas.
And the materials, with all of their antibodies, you can access to a lot of these interviews of these interesting.
The second season is the real learning learning here.
When the males are interested by something, we go to it.
We look at everything we can have in our hands.
We're used to be primarily, to have been a lot of times in the past, and this means that we have less fear to test new things.
A lot of skills are transformed to other discovery, and we bring everything that we've learned to every new area that we go on, so we would go back from the brain.
North Korea is a journey of a complex time and writing interview.
As an amazing child, an incredible ability to develop the mobile memory of developing medicine.
Now, she is the most quick metaphor.
Before I became the writer, North was planting plant.
He had to learn the most final minds when he started his practice and this ability to help to write them to write control forests.
And it will be a piece of time to be able to be able to get to what you get in, even if I end it on the end of it.
It is possible to apply that knowledge in a completely different field in a way that you could not have thought about.
The third super-source is the adult -- I mean, the ability to transform in anything that you need in a single day.
It was sometimes Carolina is sometimes a little bit of videos -- others design of passion, sometimes the context of King, sometimes teachers -- and sometimes you seem to look like, James Bondon.
It's valuable because it makes a good work.
He is even more valuable because it can be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to take the needs of their clients.
It was Facebook Forest describe as the most important ability for development -- to protect in the 21st century.
The economic world changes so quickly and amazing that are the individuals and organizations that can be able to make the needs of the market.
The state of ideas -- quickly learning and adults, three skills where the males are very hard, and three skills that you could lose if they are present to reduce their objects.
As a society, we have a great interest in order to make the materials that they're themselves.
We have complex problems, management right now, and we need creative creatures not to make them.
So let's say they are, in your heart.
They came out of the way to know that they wanted to be a particular neurons.
You don't think, there's nothing wrong in you.
In fact, some of the best team.
And the space can be able to be able to be able to put into ideas, and the male has a construction of knowledge to the project.
It's a beautiful relationship of it.
But we should all design lives and cars that go to the way we are connected with the way we are.
And unfortunately, to the marketing in a big part of you are going to be able to be more like their own space.
Once I said this, if there is one thing you get from this talk -- I hope that this is this?
If you are a heart of heart -- then, especially for all the media.
That's where you give the best of it.
But for the markets in the room, including those who are just going to realize about being one of them in the last 12 minutes --  I tell you with their many particles.
They take their quality for those control documents.
They explore the interests.
It will be able to make our international career led to a more natural life.
And maybe the most important thing, marriage the world needs us.
Thank you.
In the year, in a woman named a woman called a photographer in the Francisco.
And I could be able to remember and couldn't remember even the most basic details of their life.
His doctor was called Alaska.
Allow me I didn't know how to help someone -- but I went up for it until that, by the way, I was able to make it in Kenya.
And after his death -- Alaska did an audience and they found the strange plants and embraces in the brain of someone, a guy who never had seen before.
The most amazing thing.
If you could have been living today, we couldn't give it more help than Alab gave him 18 years ago.
All Boston was Dr. Allian Alice.
And I would find Deney, the first patient in getting a discovery that we now call the disease.
Since 100 medicine.
They have been discovered and values to protect the infections, many treatment to cancer, anti-stars for HIV -- and so on.
But a little bit of this has been made in the treatment of the America.
I am part of a team of scientists that work to find a culture for the American for more than a decade ago.
So I think about this all the time.
The Australian now affect 40 million around the world.
But in 2010, to affect 150 million that, by the way, including many of you.
If you expect to live to the age of 15 years or more, the possibility of putting Alexander will be almost one of them.
In other words, there is the chance that they put their years out of Alexander or helping a friend of a friend or being working with Alice.
It's only in the United States, the care of Alzheimer's costs 200 billion dollars every year.
One of five dollars of the medical attention.
This is the most expensive disease, and their cost is going to make a number of five times in the year 2000, as you get back to the generation of the baby bank.
It may be surprised to you, but the Australian is one of the biggest medical and social challenges of our generation.
But it has done a little bit to get it up.
Today, one of the 10 main causes of the entire world, the Allen is the only one that can't be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to
We understand less than the American than other diseases because we've invented less time and money in the research of the same thing.
The U.S. government spend 10 times more every year in the research of cancer than the fact that the fact that the fact that it costs us more and a number of military numbers like cancer.
The lack of resources has to be a more fundamental cause -- the lack of conversation.
Because this is what a little bit of people know, but everybody would be a disease, and we can get it out.
For most of the last 18 years -- all of us, even even the scientists -- consumer control with anticipation.
We think that will be a signal in a normal part and invention to get in.
But there is only one picture of a picture of a health brain in compassion with a patient of Alzheimer's to look at the real physical data for this disease.
And as well as we develop a sense of memory and mental skills -- the day to the brain.
You remember Dr. Alice found plants and extra emergence in the brain brain a century ago.
For almost a century, we didn't know a lot about this.
Today, we know that they're made of protect molecules today.
You can think of a piece of protect as a piece of paper who would be published as a crime.
There are places in the role that are particular.
And when you put it well, these particular dots end up in the inside of it.
But sometimes things come wrong, and some people are going on in the outside of the outside of it.
So this makes the protect molecules get up between yes, to make groups that can form big plants and everyday.
That's what we see in the brain of patients with Alice.
We've spent the last 10 years in the University of Capital trying to understand how this discovery works.
There are a lot of steps -- and the idea of what happens to be complex -- as a bomb deal.
And I could be able to be able to do anything.
It can be able to be able to make the bomb expensive.
And you have to find the right step that I do, and then create a drug that does it.
until it makes a little bit in the most part of the particles that have been able to get the cards and hope the better.
But now there is a different group of people -- doctors -- military, biologists, chemicals -- physical, physical and mathematics and mathematics and mathematics and mathematics and mathematics and mathematics are.
And together, we've been able to identify a critical step in the process -- now it's going to make a new kind of drugs that are looking at this step to stop the disease.
I'm going to show you some of our last results.
No one outside our lab has seen it yet.
So let's look at a few video of what happened when I was going to test these drugs in galaxies.
So these are the sound gas, and you can see that they move with the notion.
These galaxies, on the other hand, they have a molecules of protect that will stay between them, as in humans with Alexander.
And you can see that they are clearly self-assembly.
But when we give our new drugs to these galaxies in an early star, then we see that they come out and live a normal life.
This is just a positive results.
After 18 years of hope, there is real hope of what it can do in the next 10 or 20 years.
But to grow that hope.
It's not about scientists like me, it's about you.
We need to make sure that Allian is a disease.
In the case of other disease, the patients and their families have become more research and experience about governments -- industrial industry -- about scientists and legality.
That was essential to go into the HIV treatment at the end of the 1980s.
We see that same opportunity to see the cancer.
But the patient patients often can't talk about themselves.
And their families -- the college voices of their beings would be a day and night, they're often too hard to go to the change.
So it really depends from you.
The Australian is not most of a genetic disease.
All the world with a brain.
Today, there are 40 million patients as a surgery, that you can't create the change they need for themselves.
They help you talk about them, and they help to make a culture.
Thank you.
I was able to put this article in the New York London in the New York.
To look at somebody to do this.
The article is about a physical study -- designed to create the red love in the lab, and my own experience when I was going to test it myself a night of the past.
So the process is pretty simple -- two strange strangers are taken to make 35 questions more and more people, and then they look at the eyes without talking about four minutes.
Here's a couple of questions.
Number 18 -- if you could go up with a quality or ability, what would it be?
Number 28, when was the last time you read to another person.
And right?
As it comes up, these are more and more personal time.
Number 36, -- I really like -- I want to give you your search to you or she -- I know very close to this time, and I gave things that you would not say to someone that you have ever met have ever known of.
When I took with this study a few years ago, a reality really called me the attention -- the character that two of the particles had spent six months later and invited all of the lab to the character.
So it was a school about this process to make a robotic love -- but of course, I was too.
And when I had the ability to test this study with someone who knew not very well very well, I didn't expect to find it.
And I don't know, and I thought, and I thought it was a good story, so I sent it to the cost of the Model love a few months later.
And that was published in energy, and now it's already adaptable, so I guess some of you probably are asked -- they get together together?
And the reason I think you are question this is because I've done this question over and over again in the last seven months.
And this question is exactly what I want to talk about today.
But let's go back to the issue.
A week before he was published the article was very nervous to me.
I had been working on a robotic book in the last few years, so I had been used to write about my experience in the red love in my biology.
But a biological state can get to a few hundreds of view as a lot -- and those were essentially just my friends of Facebook and imagine that my article in the New York Times will have probably a few thousands of view.
And that's a good piece of attention in a relatively new relationship in a relatively new relationship to it.
But as he said, I had no idea.
The article was published on the night of the night.
And the man, I was already called the State Steve and the Money Moneynmuraby Arabia.
In a month, the article got over eight million videos -- and I was -- to say something, a little bit for this kind of attention.
And one thing is to make the conference to write with the state of our own experience, but another thing is to find that life love of one has been international news.
And when people were called or write -- what they did every day for weeks -- they always did the same question -- even follow together?
In fact, when I was looking at this talk -- I made a quick search on the bomb of my experiment with the printer, "Whoopier they follow together?
And a lot of messages came up with.
They were from students and strangers and religion like this.
I was sent in the radio and they asked it.
And I even gave a talk -- and a free woman up to the stage, "The God where is your noise in your noise."
And I immediately put me right.
I understand that this is part of the work.
If you write on your relationship in an international day, you should expect people to be able to ask about it.
But I was not prepared for the angle of the answer.
The 35 questions seemed to have changed life life.
In fact, the New York Times published a complex article for San Valley, which including the experiences of the laws to protect the study in them with different degrees of success.
So my first impact for all this attention was to be very excited with my own relationship with my own relationship with me.
I said that not to every chance that we both made a public application together.
And I remember transportation interventions, and you get the question of pictures of us.
I think I was afraid to become a fear of the process of the process of the price -- a sound for which I didn't feel at the same way.
And I understand that people didn't want to know only if the study works -- they wanted to know if it really works -- or it is, if it was able to produce medicine love -- not just a strange, not just a strange, but love.
But this was a question that I didn't feel able to answer it.
My relationship had just a few months old, and I felt about everything that people would put the wrong question.
How do we know if we would get together or not, and you can do it?
If the answer was not, you would make the experience of doing these 35 questions less interesting questions.
Dr. Art Aristotle wrote first of these questions in this same study in 1998, and there, the goal of the research was not going to produce robotics.
Instead of that, I was looking at an interesting act between college students, using what they were called a solid personal personality, programming and representation.
It sounds robotic, right?
But the study works.
The parallels became more close after doing it. various studies were also used by the President American Professor as a quick way to create trust and interact between extremes.
They have used it between members of the police and the community -- and they've used it between people of political policy people.
The original version of history -- which was going to be the last summer -- which has been a personal questions with four minutes of visual contact -- it was taken in this article -- but it was certainly never published.
A few months ago, I was giving a talk on a little University of little airplanes, and then a student came up to me and said to me and said to me and he said to the study and didn't work.
He seemed to do with it.
And I said, you want to tell you about the person with people who did it?
Well, he did a pattern.
I think she just wants to be friends.
And I said, but they became better friends.
I feel that I know that you would get better after to try the study to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to
The atmosphere.
So, I said, I said.
However, I don't think that was the answer that he was looking for.
In fact, I don't think it's the answer that none of you is looking at when it comes to love.
And I took with the study for the first time when I was 22 and I was going into a really difficult.
I had had that relationship since I had 20 -- what I was supposed to probably my entire life, and he was my first love. And I had no idea how or if I could live without it.
So I came up in science.
And I research everything I could find about the science of climate love, and I hope that that could be a certain way to see the heart.
I don't know if I realized about this at the time I thought that I was just interested for the book that I wrote but in a restaurant, it looks really obvious obviously?
I thought that if I was working with the knowledge of the robotic love, I would never have to feel so bad.
And all this knowledge has been useful in one or another way.
I'm more patient with love. I'm more released.
I have more trust to figure out what it looks like.
But I can also see more clearly -- and I can realize that what you see is sometimes more than what you can do to me.
What you see from love is a grandmother, not just to be taken today and to be a morning, but that will continue to be taken by the person who I love.
It may be that this is the grandmother that people ask when they wanted to know if we were still together.
The story that the media told over the age of 35 questions is that there may be an approach to get up.
There may be a way for some way to make a little bit of the visual risk -- and this is a very expensive story -- because we would find us to feel wonderful, but it is also argument.
But I think when it comes to love -- we're very willing to support the short version of history.
The version of the story I ask you, still follow together.
And his content with an answer of know or not.
So more than a question of a question, I would say that we ask more difficult questions -- questions like, how do you make your love and who isn't it?
How are we going to stay when things are completely completely completely completely going to be able to come and discover and discover?
How do you live with the increase that you can never get a relationship -- or even more, how do you live with the death of your particular?
I don't know the answer to these questions, but I think they're a good beginning to have a more religious conversation about what it means to love somebody to love somebody to love something.
So if you want to do the green version of the story of my relationship -- this is this one year ago, a year, and I have a study and we put a study designed to create robotic love -- we are still going to go together, and I am very much.
But we're not going to look at the same thing that will be able to stay in.
So let's look at the easy.
So at the end of my article I wrote -- the love didn't happen.
We need to take us out because we take the choice of it.
And I got a little bit of a little bit of the reading now, not because it's not true, but because at the time, I had not known all of what that choice is.
I don't know how many times we would have both to take that decision -- and how much times you have to keep doing that choice without knowing that if he would always choose me or not.
I want it to be enough to have done and answer 35 questions -- I would have choose to love someone so genes -- love and fun.
But what I've done, in change, is to become my relationship in the kind of kill that I don't think of true.
And what it looks like, and what maybe will spend my life looking for is that that mission is true.
I want to be a happy happiness in the title of my art, which is -- the only part of the art that I didn't really write on.
But what I have in change is the opportunity to choose somebody to love someone and the hope that he would also love me, and that is a transport, but that's the deal with love.
Thank you.
I was grew up by a little bit of sea in a lot and in a certain way I got like a general group.
The city of New York City.  something that really affect me but more distributed to me but more distributed.
I'll start with when I was eight years old.
I took a mountain box -- and I was going to understand a dollar of a dollar -- a plan and a street on it in Pole.
And I thought that some of the strange humans or a few tons would find this box about 500 years later, and you learn how our kind of an idea of ideas -- for example how we eat the spaces.
I had no idea.
Anyway, it has thank you very much because here I am 30 years later, and I'm still doing back.
And at a time I was in Harvard -- I like to go out of extra and make the surface and all of those things -- and I was doing a collection for my mother.
And I took a discovery and I took all the page and I did a kind of closed cells to the State American American the control of the rest and a bottle of the street and a bottle was adapted.
Well, my mother has fear to the bees and it is a clothing to them, so I was more likely in the leader, thinking that I could get it out.
In change, it happened the control -- somehow it seemed to be able to take it up, as if you were going to look at the text with a plan.
So I did it -- I built more cars.
And this time, I started to add the electric elements and strangers, strangers that I was finding on the street, everything I could find -- because I was looking for things all my life, trying to get them up and tell stories about these objects.
So I asked me to draw around the objects, and I realized that God can draw in space.
I can be able to be able to be able to make the same thing about a car in the stage of the crime.
And I took the objects and I created my own speed of space.
First, blood -- that you can make an idea.
And then I did a few of them and some strange creatures I did.
It was very fun. It was very fun to draw in the rest of it.
And it was great -- because I started to put them together and those things, and I was making some money, to take my note to continue, for example, going to Sanct.
It was surprisingly, man.
And at some point, I was interested by the human form.
It was great -- except for one thing -- I moved down.
I didn't know what to do, because it was going to kill me.
And I was going to the film every night thinking about it.
So I tried to use video.
And I started to draw in the videos of violence -- similar to the day in a window and then in another window and another window -- and I had all of these guys who were going to make a traditional computer.
And this really works -- and so I could stop using the rest of it.
And so I did this for years, and my work is a very big thing, I call this "The Treatically."
For the "Terrifying Internet I was inspired in the back of the Department of the States Boy that is a picture in the Mars Mark in Space.
Do you know it?
Well, this is a fantastic field.
They say it's a little bit about their time.
Well, the Tree."
It takes 11 kilometers.
50 feet long.
It has a day, so it's 10 meters of computer.
It's a little bit.
Well, that's the source of the surface.
On the left, it's Jessens and the landscapes.
There is a car where all these creatures with animals are working between two world.
They go out of the world of resource, to this increase of the analysis where they get up.
This is where the creatures with animals of animals are going on to the face, ready to be able to get out in the ocean.
The ocean is full of thousands of things.
So this is a bit of a past game to a drug.
Bill Grand is in the sea -- the Hollywood print -- the principal plant of the street, Waller, the Republican Bender Bondor Lab, there are all kinds of things that you can find if you look very well in the ocean.
And all of all of them also kind of a kind of sound.
It's coming out of the ocean -- and I found oil in a hand while the other hand is going to be surrounded.
His hands are like balls and it looks like a metal to keep the Earth and the colleagues in the spider.
So it's one aspect of the Treatically."
It's a little bit a little bit.
That's the hand that I spend.
And then, when you go to the other side, it has a stream, like a bit of book, and I put out of this stream.
It also has a 50 feet of a long piece of long that you get to the Treatically."
In all of the way, his colleague will be able to go out on a village.
I don't know why that happened.
The things that go on, you know.
His school ended up in a global global clothes made of the terrible streets of 1990s.
Have you seen them.
They were made in the decade of 2010, as if they were the big bomb backs.
All of the time.  This brings me to my last project.
I'm in the middle of two projects -- you're called "prevents?
It's about a six years to make 100 of these human beings do.
Every one is a care of our culture through media and material and material or materials or declines.
But every single act as a kind of adult in ways of being humans, and they travel in 20 or 12 or 12 to a time.
They are like cells -- they get together, they get down.
And you can walk between them.
Every one is basically a microbe of microbes that happens to 100 miles with a human human in their own.
This has a little light on the period.
That's the head -- it's the speed, you can be able to go into the street.
So I will put them through the rest of the body, there is a fish that comes out of the person, and it goes up with the fish or normal, or what it has is, a kind of kind of anti-stars.
This is a quick representation of these words because I can't explain it for a long time.
We have cars, you can see.
This is a body body for half of it.
This has two gentlemen, and it's communicate between the two.
There are a few tons that go out and go into the head of this strange state.
There is a little static stage inside the top care.
Can you see it?
Anyway, this talk is about these cars, just like the bees that we live in.
We are in a box -- the solar system is a box.
This brings me to my last idea.
It's a lawyer card. It's called President Burden.
inside this box there is a physics -- a personality, a photo, a music, a medicine, a film, a manufacturer, a movie, a school, a school, a school, a school -- a school that does all the content we do in the world.
We show the box and all of the people in front of each other.
And I think that's the way to change the world.
When you remember who is and the box that it's living in.
And together we get to realize that we all are together in this, that this notion that we are different -- these conditions of the countries, of the research, in the religion, it doesn't work.
We are all very made of the same material and in the same box.
And if we don't start to interact those things with a straight and we are not going to die very soon again.
Thank you very much.
What do you do when you give them the head?
They take an antibiotic.
But so that this plant has effect against the pain -- first goes through the stage, the interest and other organs and other organs and other.
It is going to take a plan is the most effective system and the modern security for any except to be effect in the body.
The death, though, is that when you bring it up with any medicine that is discovered.
And this is a big problem, especially in patients.
When they take artificial drugs -- these are going to take the amount of virus in the blood -- and to increase the secret of CO2 cells.
But they are also known by their high school effects -- in their own neurons, because in the time they were going to get to the surface of the surface, they do it and worse even for the time that they were going to get to their destiny, which is where it is more important, in the HIV and the HIV and the HIV and the HIV and the HIV
These are regions of the body like the limitation sea, the nervous system, the national system, where the virus is invisible and not in the top of the patients of the patients that are going to the transport of the patients who are going to the transportation of the patterns that are going to the transportation with the article medicine.
However, after the treatment of the treatment -- the virus can be able to get up and make new blood cells.
This is the great problem of the HIV treatment of HIV with the data that is a treatment of the advantage of the advantage of a common life.
One day, I felt and I thought, "We could make the treatment directly to the device of the virus -- without the decrease of the drugs of medicine?
As a scientific experience, the answer was in front of me, the leaders -- of course.
If you use it in the control, for the quality of horses and care of the data, you can use for anything else, including the intervention of the drugs of the medicine.
In fact, we're going to be used to be used to open to open or put extremely small holes that open and they bring up almost the cells that are involved with HIV to identify the drugs to identify the medicine.
You say, "How is that possible?
We send a little and powerful power to read about the cell memory of the HIV while that these cells are invited in a lab that has the factory.
The leader is the cell of the cell as the cell.
Before you even have to tell you, the hole is recording immediately.
We're going to be putting this technology in vision or in Paris of Paris, but the goal is to take this technology to the human body -- to apply the human body.
"How is that possible. You can question.
Well, the answer is, through a three head.
With the first head, which is our brain, we will make an idea in the site of the infection.
The second head, which is a camera -- it goes to the site of infection.
By the end, the third head -- a institution that does the factory, it takes it directly in the site of the infection, while the leader is used again to keep the open cells.
Well, this doesn't seem a lot of time.
But one day, if you have success -- this technology can lead to the total extra of HIV in the body.
Yeah. A culture for HIV.
This is the dream of the whole research of HIV -- in our case, an treatment with leader.
Thank you.
In the last decade I've been studied to graduate groups -- not statement states as terrible and terrible or microscopes.
And what they do is what these groups do when they're not struggling.
My goal is to understand better.
I make a field work, in the world of policy and the ball.
I understand these groups is key to solve almost everything conflict in the course because the war has changed.
It used to be a discovery between state.
Not not.
Now it's a conflict between the state and the states are not general.
For example, in the age of the 1870s who have been able to be able to put out between 2005 and 2010, became a state between a state.
So we need to understand these groups -- even we have to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to get them into any
But how do you do that?
We have to know what it looks like.
We know very well the reasons why you know, how they do it, but no one is what they do when they don't play.
And the financial fight and the policy is not addressed to get down.
It's all part of the same organization itself.
We can't understand these groups -- not much less to them, without a global video.
The statement groups today are complex organizations today.
For example, the Hill Langlade, known by his visual face against India.
From his created in the decade of the 1990s, Hello has also been able to be able to be a political part, a network of social services and a military season.
And in the same way, the Paris Haiti, known by his blood adults against Iraq -- too.
And so these groups do more than just starting it.
They're management.
They are going to be a complex material of communication -- state states, state states, sites of TV -- website of the Internet.
And here you have the II record in English and published in English.
The articles are also involved in a complex device of forest without signals, but through the record business companies -- for example, companies of building.
These activity are key to this.
They allow these groups to increase their forest, including their forests, to get better and build their market.
The article groups are also doing something else -- they create the more strong lines with their population to send in social services in social services in social services in.
They build schools to build schools -- they put up a lot of professional form of professional formation or marketing.
Hello has all these services and more.
The articles are also trying to support the population to make something that the state isn't seriously, security and protection.
The apple of the transportation in an African Afghanistan.
Unfortunately, in these cases, the security has an incredibly exciting price for the population.
But instead of to make social services that means social services that would be able to be able to take a village, a back left by the government, and it allows them to these groups to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be
So for example, the entire vision of 200 of the parents that you can't understand without recognize the social work of the group.
It's a really complex scale, even in the West -- when we go to the statement groups -- we just think about the visual side.
But that's not enough to understand the forces of these groups -- the structure or the long view of it.
These groups are hard.
They grow up because they get a lot left by the government -- and they come up with the strange and political groups and political and political groups in the visual fight and give global.
And the more complex and soldiers are these organizations -- less we can take them like something like a state.
How do you call a group like Hero."
They take a part of a terrorist, and they add all of their work, they pick up the back, you get the stream system.
Is it a state? It's a record group?
Or maybe it's another thing, something new and different.
And what is I amazing?
The lines get down.
We live in a world of states of states without state and hands, and the more diagram is the states -- like in the middle of the middle -- more in the middle of the most interviewing and they get that box of the organs not general.
This is important for governments because to focus on these groups will have to invest more in tools not male.
It will take that government of government has to be in the center of any sustainable approach of any surprise.
This is very important as well.
If we understand the best graphics -- we will understand better what they are going to be able to make to make care of the violence of violence to the violence of the violence of life.
In this new discovery between state and articles -- the military power can be able to make some baseballs, but we're not going to give us a peace and so on.
In order to make these objects we need to be able to be able to take a long amount of security to take that security value, to take that government of government that allows these groups to protect in a beginning.
Thank you.
I am a factory as a woman and as a member.
My opportunities about the general quality are video, but I fear that I can add the forest of "Facebook would be invisible for the friends.
I'm familiar, but pretty bad.
And so I kind of act me as a bad family.
Or at least I wrote an article -- and a book called "The "Batba "March, and then in the interventions, people started to call it the Mars Mars.
So what it started as a personal person, and it was a destructive property, it has become a bigger thing.
Let me give you a step back.
When I was young -- about everything in my home and at the age of 20 years, I had strange ideas about the family, these world women, analysis with the men and they had the sex.
Today, I see how the women all over the world and the wall, in particular, it looks like a perfectly remarkable answer.
But in that time, I was concerned about the horse that was using people to figure out that it could be family.
It will be adapted as a memory was a character, a word and death.
And I was told as a woman who doesn't follow the rules -- that I asked too much, and it goes back to believe that it's just like a man.
No one wants to be that relative woman, until you realize that it's actually that woman and you can't imagine to be another person.
With time, as I was growing up, I started to figure out that I am in fact, in fact, and so on.
For me, certain adults are record, women are the same to men.
So let's do the same survey for the same work.
We have right to travel around the world as we do it, free or violence or violence.
We have right to use the easy way and access to the antibiotics and the resource services are.
We have the right to decide about our bodies -- no need of collective control or statement devices.
We have the right.
There's more.
When you talk about the needs of women -- you have to have our other ideas.
We're not just women.
We are people with a different body, experience and sexual and sexual and sexual control, and much more and much more.
We have to have to have these differences and how they affect us, in the same way that we have in common in common in.
And without this kind of increase, our family is not anything.
For me, these truth are entirely, but to be clear: I am a design.
I'm full of control.
There are a lot of things that make me a bad family.
I have another conference.
When I go to the work, I hear music closed to all volunteers.
And even though the read led to women.
"I do it really with your market street.
Before, you get up until you give you the context?
Think about it.
It would be able to be able to be able to be positively, right?
I am completely marined by my music.
I believe in the work of the man, which is all that I don't want to do, including --  -- all of the dominant tasks, but it's also going to kill insects -- the corruption of the control and the market of marketing.
I don't want to have anything to do with that.
The robot is my favorite color here.
It goes out of the movement of motion and the bad things.
And I can see "The Balloid and the religion community, and I have a lot of surgery of the horses that make them reality.
Some of my declines are more describing.
If a woman wants to take the space of their market, it's their choice -- and I'm not who to play it.
If a woman decided to get in home to create their children, I hear that choice as well.
The problem is not that it becomes extremely vulnerable through this same choice -- the problem is that our society is confident in a way that makes women are extremely vulnerable when they choose it.
We solve this problem.
It takes the conventional memory that has been increased or destroyed the needs of the color women -- the workers, human and transportation, in the fact of white women -- heroes, of the middle of the middle and high hole.
listen to it, if that's good family I'm a very bad.
It also happens the next thing, as a family, I feel a lot of process.
We have this trying to put free friends in a period.
We hope that they are going to go to the perspective.
When you get rid of us, we will get them up with a lot of like the way we put them.
As I said, I am a designer, I have been a destruction of that period before they try to put up there.
A lot of women, particularly the innovation and the leaders of the sector -- they have fear of being born as families.
They have a fear of putting up and say, "Yes, I'm failure for fear to what that street means -- for fear I can't be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be
We took for example to Berlin, or like I call it, the God.
In the last few years it is a decline from diagnosis.
And in the Monological Minister Video, I mean, in MIT, in MIT, act in the word "For three feet of alternative.
It was a magic specific, to see this study of the door to open the family and to know the women and the young men who will be farmer is something to be proud of them.
It spent the time, the cultural creatures began to be able to find out whether Benjamin was or not even memory.
They took his memory instead of simply to believe the word of a woman and marketing a lot of a word.
We have a perfect period of families, because we're still running for a lot of we want a lot -- we need so much a lot.
We go far more than the critical critical and building and to design the memory of any woman -- to make it until it doesn't get anything.
We don't need to do that.
The bad face, or more well, a more including memory is the point.
But what happens later.
We were trying to recognize our impact to give you, will go to the action and being a little bit more.
If I listen to manufacturing music -- I'm creating a desk for artists that would be more than happy to make a supporting surface.
These artists are not going to change their way to talk about women in their colleagues until we experience the change to affect their generations.
But it is a hard thing.
Why is your music that will be so pretty simple."
It's hard to choose something better.
But when the bad decisions will make this make it more difficult for women to be able to make the quality -- the quality that we all face and is our responsibility to us.
I think about my surgery, three and four years.
These are two magic girls -- decided and brains, and they also want to grow in a world world.
Where you get up for the strong creatures that they are.
I think about them, of course, the best choice is seen as something much more easy to do.
We can all take better decisions.
We can change the cost when a technical program is going to sexual violence against women as death, and you see the State of Turkey.
We can change the robot of robots when we heard the conditions that treat women like anything.
We can spend our money to go back to each other in another part when the molecules don't treat women more than the decent objects as well.
We can stop able to support the professional designers where the adults are trying to be able to be a little bit of bits.
In any case, the men, especially the white men.
I'm not going to work with you.
Those of us who are surprised but invited to participate in these kinds of projects -- we can also be able to be even even even more like us to be willing to support the boats to the deceptions of decisions of decisions of decisions of decisions of decisions of decisions of decisions of decisions of decisions of decisions of decisions of decisions of decisions of decisions of decisions of
Because we are not lost better people -- without all of these possibilities -- our galaxies are going to mean very little too.
We can make these small act act act and hope that our decisions will get to the top of the people in the political power and production of college and music, Chinese, the people who can take big decisions -- the people who can take a big change and meaningful.
We can also open out of our faces, well, bad or anyone else.
The last line of my book "Mars Mars, says, "I would be a bad memory to not be at all.
This is true because of a lot of reasons -- but I tell you, about all, because I tried my voice to me and the memory helped me to fix it.
There was an incredible.
I call it interview to do what happened.
And a few children gave me when I was very young -- and I didn't know that kids can do this to a girl in a child.
They tried to me as if it was anything.
I started to believe that it wasn't anything.
And I was able to get my voice and after all I didn't think I could say something that could matter.
But I was wrong.
And with it, I went back to write it.
I remember in a more strong version of myself.
It was the words of those women who could understand a story like me, and the women who looked like me and understand what it meant to live in this world if you have the mental skin if you have the marriage skin if you have the marriage skin if you have the marriage skin if you have the marriage skin if you have the marriage skin if you have
The words of women who showed me that it wasn't anything.
I learned to write like them, and then I learned to write like myself.
I found my voice again, and I started to believe that my voice is powerful beyond what you can do.
And through the writing and the family, I also discovered that if it was a little bit, another woman could read and see and realize that none of us is the one that the world is trying to say we are.
In one hand, I have the power to do anything else.
And in the other, I find the human reality that I'm just a woman.
I'm a bad family, I'm a good woman, I'm trying to improve my way to think, what I say and what I do, without taking everything that makes me human.
I hope we can all do the same thing.
I hope that we could all be a little bit, when you need to be a value.
Just after National last year, 12 children in California. They had to be able to have seen Deney or to be experts to someone who had been there.
The virus then came up with the front with California, including more than 100 children in Maria.
One of the traditional things of this area is that the surprise that can be familiar for a child with a child with a dangerous institutional system -- it's one of the most complicated diseases in the world.
There is an effective value against this for more than a hundred century, but many of the children involved in the Brazil British had not been valuable because their parents had fear of something else even worse -- the automobile.
But a moment, it was not the article that I designed the police on the audience and the distance values, definitely and market for being a fantastic forest by the Mars Mars Japanese?
It doesn't believe most smart scientists that the theory can cause autism is a strategy?
I think most of you know, but millions of parents everywhere.
Why?
Here's why I have here.
This is a group of the subjects of the authority in the time.
For most of the 20th century, the audience was considered a very strong disease.
The shows and particles that I had heard about it, they create the whole professional life without seeing a single case.
For decades -- the professional solutions were still just three or four children for every 10 dollars.
But then, in the decade of 1998, the numbers started to get out.
And the factors of food advantages as Alaba Services are actually made directly to the audience as a experience, as if I could get out of another child in Denmark.
What's going on?
If you're not values, what is it?
If you ask the people in the center of America in America what is going on, they tend to be able to look at them as a "Competition of "the "classical diagram and "It's better design of cases to explain these creative careers.
But that kind of language doesn't have a lot of the fear of a young mother who looked at the face of his two years -- the visual contact of the vision.
If you were to be able to be able to get up, why were they so released to the principle?
Why were the cases of authority so hard to find before the decade of 1986.
five years ago, I decided to discover the answer to these questions.
I learned that what happened to be less to do with the low program and the science of the science that with the self-assembly power of nature.
For most of the 20th century, the doctors told a story about what the car is and how they discovered it, but that story turned out to be fast, and the consequences of the same is having an impact on the global public health.
There was a second story of the audience that had been lost and forget in the dark records of the clinical light.
This second story tells us everything about how we get here and where we have to go.
The first story starts with a common physical, read Kenya, from the hospital John Hollywood, in 2010, Kanny published an article that described 11 young patients who seemed to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able
They could be able to deal for hours to open their hands out of their face, but they were a piece of the particle for medical as when you didn't put their favorite fish in their health place without knowing them.
On the base of the patients were treated in their colleagues -- Kanny specific that the audience is very expensive.
And by the age of 10, as a major authority of the world in the subject -- I would have seen less than 150 true cases of their surface as I remember places of places as far as South Africa.
This is actually not going to be able to explain because the Korea control for the authority of adults were very resource.
For example, let me give you that direction to children with conservations, but now we know that the concept is very common in the authority.
Once he was convinced that he had become nine in every 10 children sent by other doctors to his concept to be all a distance of authority.
Kenya was a smart man, but part of his theory were not true.
It takes the audience as a form of an amazing piece of anti-profit plastic particles and discoveries and discoveries.
These kids, he said, have been killed in a record that I don't know.
At the same time, Kantai noticed that some of his young patients had special skills that are going on in certain areas like music.
One of the children in your clinical could be able to deal with 18 weeks before I went back the two years.
When his mother put one of his favorite discovery, he said, "Well, "I said, "Well.
But David had a bad opportunity of these skills -- I would save things like the children were just looking at what they had heard of their personal parents who had heard to make their approach.
As a result, the audience became a source of fear for families and two generations of children were sent to institutions for their own well, to become invisible for the world.
It was not until the decade of 1998, that the researchers started to test the theory of Kanny that autism was right.
London King, present collective police of London, thought that the theory of the Montana names was quite wrong.
And she and his husband were people who were clinical people and effectively, and they had a deep child called Sun.
Long and John knew how hard it was to create a girl as Sun without survival services, without special education.
In order to define the National Service of Salard that they needed more resources for children and their families and his families and his colleagues San Gallery decided to do something that should have done 30 years before.
They were made a study of authority in the general population.
They put a subject of London called Cambridge to try to find kids in the community.
And what you saw was that the Korea model was too limited -- because the reality of the audience was much more control and fun.
Some children could not talk to you at all. As others were inspired in their fascinating for the artist, in the diagrams or in the deal of it.
In the other way, these children were not going to get out in red and standards -- as I said Japan, and they saw a lot of them, much more than the modern model of Kanny would have been prepared before.
At the beginning, they were lost to try to make sense of their data.
How no no one had no performance of these children before.
But then let me find a response to an article that was published in 1950, the year next year to Kenya, and then it was still still under the control of a terrible time that nobody wanted to remember it.
Kenya knew about this piece of compassion, but I was sent to put it into his own work.
There was no even a transformation to the English -- but by the way, the Mars Mars was talking about, and he took it for it.
The doctor has a narrative story of the authority.
His car was a man named Hans Art, which I took an interesting clinical with an international school in the age of the 1990s.
The ideas of Arab for the understanding of children with learning of learning were profitable even for the Western States.
The morning in your cell started with kinds of experts with music, and children follow their games out of the end.
Instead of getting the parents to cause the parents to cause the authorities as a device of the life of life that I remember companies of support and space space during the course of all life.
Instead of trying to treat children in their clinical as patients as patients called their little teachers -- and it was used to help in the development of education of education.
First, Arena saw the audience as a different cost that would take a lot of distances and discovery.
He believed that the car and the articles were common and they have always been looking at the aspect of this concept in the architecture of the colleague as the social science and the destruction of the designed school.
He was more there even to say, that for the success in science and the art.
Long and Japan found that Kanny was wrong.
In the next few years, they worked with the United States of Paris in order to increase the crisis of the discovery that they would represent the diversity of what they call "the activity of what they call a "speed space?
In the end of the 80 and early principles -- their changes were going to come up with the full model of Kanny for you and even an evolutionary and even American.
These changes did not get on the right way.
And I called the South and John and John was working between the background to reduce these crisis, people around the world you'll see an open adult for the first time.
Before I was said "Common Mars in 2010, just a little character, I was going to go up for experts knew what the automobile was, but after the American action of Discovery as Raisult Bang and the Red Red and the Red Red and parents of the world knew what the automobile was.
At the same time, they became the first easy clinical trials to use the authority.
I didn't have a connection with that little character of experts to make a drug for his child.
The combination of Darwin Mars changes the changes and the intervention of these pieces created a network effect -- a perfect rest of the control of the authority.
The number of data started to stay in, as a Street and Japan, in fact they would expect that it was going to be going to be going to be going to be that people with autism and their families finally get the support and the services that were getting out.
And so Antarctica Wall was going to cut up the values for the attack in the discovery, a simple thing, powerful and serious story as bad as the theory of Kanny that the authority was incredible.
If the top of the center of the understanding that one of them in the United States are in the United States -- it's right -- the authorities are one of the largest military groups in the world.
In the last few years, people have been used in the Internet.
One way to understand the universe is to think about terms of human systems.
The fact that a FBI doesn't work with Kings, it doesn't mean that it's right.
It is the article states, the normal human brain is extremely hard -- absolutely social -- and it comes from an attention of attention to details.
However, people have been designed to live in a world not built for them.
60 years later, we are still getting to Art, which creates the "Constraint for the most amazing aspect of the teachers are found in the understanding of teachers -- and the parents and the parents in the potential of their children.
A woman named Zen Zamans once said, "We need all of the hands to understand the back of humanity?
As we move into a future future, we need all of the ways of human intelligence in the planet to make the challenges that we face as a society.
We can't afford to allow a brain.
Thank you.
